Home - Etica Capital Ltd
Skip to content
Etica Capital Ltd
Facebook
Instagram
Linkedin
Youtube
Tiktok
+254-769 999 666
[email protected]
Contact:
+254-769-999-666
|
[email protected]
Client Portal Login
Menu
Home
About
Products
Etica Money Market Fund (KES)
Etica Money Market Fund (USD)
Etica Fixed Income Fund (KES)
Etica Shariah Fund (KES)
Etica Shariah Fund (USD)
Etica Wealth Fund (KES)
Calculator
Fact Sheet
Fact Sheet
Product Brochure
Payment Options
Contacts
Open Account
Client Portal Login
Etica Money Market Fund (KES)
Effective Annual Yield 17.91%   |
Etica Money Market Fund (USD)
Effective Annual Yield 7.26%   |
Etica Fixed Income Fund (KES)
Effective Annual Yield 15.68%    |
Etica Shariah Fund (KES)
Effective Annual Profit 9.11%      |
Etica Shariah Fund (USD)
Effective Annual Profit 5.85%      |
Etica Wealth Fund - Class A (KES)
Effective Annual Yield 16.72%
Class B (KES)
Effective Annual Yield 16.97%
Class C (KES)
Effective Annual Yield 17.20%
HELPING YOU
Build Your Wealth
Etica Capital Ltd is a Wealth-Tech company looking to revolutionize wealth management for retail investors through technology. Our platform breeds transparency, innovation, and financial inclusion with as little as KES100
Our PRODUCTS
Contact Us
About Us
Licensed & Regulated by The Capital Markets Authority, and a Member of ICIFA
LEARN MORE
Etica Money Market Fund (KES)
Etica Money Market Fund (USD)
Etica Fixed Income Fund (KES)
Etica Shariah Fund (KES)
Etica Wealth Fund (KES)
Media
Let's Learn More About Etica
View All Our Videos
Our Vision
Securing Our Clients Financial Freedom
Outperforming the income yield available on money market instruments and fixed deposit accounts by holding a diversified portfolio of securities.
Invest now
Our Goals
To create innovative investment products that will aid in deepening capital markets in Kenya.
To offer attractive risk adjusted investment returns and financial flexibilty to our clients.
Learn More From
Frequently Asked Questions
1) How do you create account?
You can onboard digitally via any of the channels below in 3 minutes or so and account is
ready to start investing:
1) Mobile app:
App store (iOS) https://bit.ly/iOS_Etica
Play store (Android) https://bit.ly/Android_Etica
2) Web app:
https://clients.eticacap.com/apply
2) Want to know more about Etica products:
You can check out / download our product brochure here https://eticacap.com/product-
brochure-2/ for more details at your own free time. We have also made a summary for each
product and it’s features on our website here: Please see more details about the USD MMF
on our website’s product page here https://eticacap.com/products/ which has a drop down to
learn more.
You can also see below videos with more details for your understanding
Money Market Fund
https://youtu.be/xNu0JLltc3U
Fixed Income Fund
https://youtu.be/n1grYPdCsPQ?feature=shared
Shariah Fund
https://youtu.be/MtEkvzus9HE?feature=shared
About Etica
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JVV4av1CQ8M
3) See previous performance of Etica products (since inception):
You can check out / download our fact sheet here https://eticacap.com/fact-sheet/ for more
details at your own free time.
We also update the same monthly and email it to all our clients as well as update it on our
website.
4) Password not accepting or can’t remember
Click on forgot password at the login page and follow the instructions to the end.
5) Deposited funds but it reads zero balance / account not updated
Check under Cash balance – Whenever you do a deposit transaction via bank/m-pesa/equity
agent, the money will be captured as cash under cash balance and automatically moves to
investment balance the next business day to start earning interest (which is the date
displayed on your app under activity and it’s also captured in the email confirmation that you
received with a pdf document).
If you deposit on a Friday or a weekend it cannot be invested until Monday, but after that the
money earns interest even on weekends that follow thereafter.
If you also deposit on a public holiday, it cannot be invested until the next working day, but
after that the money earns interest even on holidays that will follow thereafter.
6) Withdrawal process, charges and duration (Bank or m-pesa)
For Bank – Withdrawal to bank is free and is paid within 2 working days.
For M-pesa – You can withdraw up to KES 100,000 to m-pesa instantly in a few seconds as a
daily limit. More than that e.g. KES 100,001 onwards is paid within 2 working days.
Withdrawal to m-pesa has Safaricom charges between KES 4/= to KES 30/= based on
amount but it will show you before you complete the process (e.g. highest is KES 30/=
charge if withdrawing KES 250,000).
7) Where can I add m-pesa details in the app in order to withdraw to m-pesa
You go to your profile, click on add bank/mobile money, scroll to m-pesa and add your mpesa
details. Once done click on withdraw button and choose the saved m-pesa number
8) What is the meaning of KYC
KYC means Know Your Customer and sometimes Know Your Client KYC – It is the
mandatory process of identifying and verifying the client’s identity when opening an account
and periodically over time.
It refers to your National Identity / Passport copy, TAX PIN copy and clear coloured passport
sized photo (or selfie).
9) What is my password for opening pdf in business confirmation or statements sent by Etica?
Check the welcome email you received from Etica when you opened your account. It has the
for password for opening PDF documents.
10) What should I use as the username?
Login using your username as your email address (in small letters and no spaces before or
after).
11) Getting this error when trying to download Etica mobile app “Device not compatible with this app”
It means either your device is not genuine / has been jailbroken hence failing the security
check – You can use the web browser to login via our website portal.
FYI – Jailbreaking means granting root access to a phone and removing software restrictions
that are built into it. But doing so it exposes your device to malware and other security threats
12) What is the difference between Money Market Fund and Fixed Income Fund:
The difference is where the funds are allowed to invest in – Money Market Fund invests in
short term opportunities only while Fixed Income Fund invests in medium to long term
opportunities.
13) If I already have an account with Etica and I wanted to add USD MMF product what is the process:
Login to your account, navigate to our products, scroll till MMF USD Product, click to add
account. It will send you an email with a summary of your USD account number and how to
deposit funds.
14) If I already have an account with you and I wanted to add another one, what is the process:
Login to your account, navigate to our products, scroll till the desired Product, click to add
account. You can add any other fund in the same way and as many as you wish – It also
allows you to rename to different goals e.g. School Fees, Rent, Car Purchase, House
Purchase, Travel, Emergency Fund, Wedding etc
15) How can I deposit from m-pesa to the USD account?
For MMF USD deposit via mpesa, you can use the below (the bank will convert to USD using
the conversion rate they have for that day):
M-pesa Paybill 247247
Account: 0180285106666
Once done share confirmation message via our whatsapp line 0769999666 or email it to
[email protected]
for us to check and update your account.
15) How can16) How can I deposit from my KES bank account to the USD account? I deposit from m-pesa to the USD account?
You can do a bank transfer from your KES account and deposit to Etica’s USD account
below (the bank will convert to USD using the conversion rate they have for that day):
Bank: Equity Bank (Kenya) Limited
Branch: Community Supreme
A/C Name: Etica Unit Trust Collection Account – EQUITY NOMINEES LIMITED
A/C No: 0180285106666
Swift Code : EQBLKENA
Branch Code: 018
Currency :USD
17) Can I use money remittances companies to deposit funds to Etica?
Yes – You can also use any of the money remittance companies to remit funds to our KES or
USD bank accounts for our products. Just to name a few, they include but not limited to:
wave, world remit, taptap send, lemfi, chipper cash, wise, nala, flutterwave
18) What is your interest rate for your products?
The rates / returns changes daily and you can see them when you login to the app or on our
website here: https://eticacap.com/payment-options/
19) What is the difference between Daily yield and Effective annual yield?
The daily yield is the annualized rate that will be used to calculate the interest that will be
distributed to clients at the end of the day, its net of fees but gross of withholding tax
The effective annual yield takes into account the compounding effect, it basically shows what
the actual rate would be if for one year you are earning interest using the daily rate and this
interest is compounded daily meaning the interest is also earning thus the effective rate is
higher than the daily yield.
20) Example of formula for calculating daily interest for KES 100:
Assuming a rate of daily return of 16.70% p.a
Interest for the day calculation will be:
((16.70% / 365) X 100) Then whatever you get as result X 0.85 (to remove withholding tax of
15%) = That comes to about KES 0.04
That’s the Compound Interest formula for daily income calculation
21) Example of formula for calculating annual interest for KES 100:
Assuming an annual rate of return of 18.17% p.a
Interest for the day calculation will be:
(18.17% X 100) Then whatever you get as result X 0.85 (to remove withholding tax of 15%) =
That comes to about KES 15.45
That’s the Compound Interest formula for annual income calculation
22) How do we register as a Chama?
If it is a registered chama, choose ‘self-help group’ at registration stage which has drop down
for account type and it will guide you to completion.
If it is an unregistered chama, choose ‘ account’ at registration stage which has drop
down for account type and it will guide you to completion
23) Can I register for a minor?e register as a Chama?
Yes – Choose ‘minor’ at registration stage which has drop down for account type and it will
guide you to completion. Ensure to upload birth certificate of the minor and KYC details of the
parent (ID, KRA PIN and Photo).
24) Can we register as a joint account and how many joint members is allowed?
Yes – Choose ‘joint account’ at registration stage which has drop down for account type and it
will guide you to completion. You can add as many joint account members as you wish and
their details too.
25) How can one verify if Etica is licensed and regulated to manage client investments?
We are licensed and regulated by the Capital Markets Authority (CMA) as can be viewed on
CMA website below. Our products are also listed on CMA website:
Licensees/ Market Players
https://licensees.cma.or.ke/licenses/15/
26) Where are you located?
Our office is at Allamano Centre, Inside Consolata Shrine, 4th Floor, Suite 4E, Westlands,
Nairobi, Kenya. Office is physically open weekdays between 9am – 5pm\
However, we do client support 24/7 including holidays and weekends via any channels for
Etica (Call/Email/Sms/WhatsApp/Twitter/FB/IG/Tiktok/LinkedIn/Youtube). Check our contacts
page here https://eticacap.com/contact-us/ for links to our social media pages or our
WhatsApp / Call / SMS contacts – The page also has a map with directions to our office.
27) Is your interest rate fixed and can you predict future interest rates?
We do not offer fixed returns – The rates change daily and can go up or down. Past
performance is no indication of future performance.
28) Can I deposit funds using Airtel Money?
Yes, for Airtel Money follow below guidelines:
On airtel line dial *222#, select option 6 (Paybill & Till Payments), select option 5 (m-pesa
paybill), then put Etica’s mpesa paybill 4096483, and then next the part for account number
part you will put your Etica client code e.g. 1555M
29) Do you have options to deposit funds for free without incurring any charges of M-pesa or Bank transfers?
Yes – Free deposit options are: over the counter at any Equity Bank branch (cash or cheque
deposit) or cash deposit at any equity mtaani agents
30) Having challenges uploading KYC documents, what could be the problem?
Check KYC file size – Ensure each document is less than 3MB in size before uploading
About Us
Etica Capital Ltd is a wealth tech company looking to revolutionize wealth management for retail investors through technology.
Our Products
Etica Money Market Fund (KES)
Etica Money Market Fund (USD)
Etica Fixed Income Fund (KES)
Etica Shariah Fund (KES)
Etica Shariah Fund (USD)
Etica Wealth Fund (KES)
Visit Our Office
Allamano Centre, Inside Consolata Shrine, 4th Floor, Suite 4E, Westlands, Nairobi, Kenya.
Monday - Friday: 0900 - 1700 Hours
Saturday - Sunday: By appointment.
Contact Us
WhatsApp:
+254-769-999-666
Call: +254-207-906-653
+254-207-906-654
+254-207-906-655
Email:
[email protected]
P.O Box 3245 - 00621, Nairobi, Kenya.
Copyright © 2024 Etica Capital Ltd
Terms of Use
|
Privacy Policy  |
Financials
×
Let's Have a Chat!