Wholesale fruits and vegetables Milan, Monza Brianza - Fumagalli Danilo Srl
0362918010
commerciale@fumagallidanilo.com
Facebook
Instagram
Facebook
Instagram
ORDER NOW:
FOR COMPANIES
FOR PRIVATES
Home
Who we are
Our Story
Business areas
Products
Projects
Treedom
News
Service
Contact
English
Italiano
(
Italian
)
Select Page
Fumagalli Danilo
Wholesale trade
of fruit and vegetable products.
Fumagalli Danilo has been in the fruit and vegetable wholesale business for 70 years
with efficiency, quality and tailor-made services.
FOR COMPANIES
DOWNLOAD THE APP
FOR PRIVATES
DOWNLOAD THE APP
Experience, quality
and tailor-made service
We are a wholesale fruit and vegetable market enterprise established in Lombardy 70 years ago.
Three generations of the same family, one mission: to be
the point of reference for buyers in commercial and collective catering, organized distribution and retailers
. We source throughout the territory, according to season and directly from local producers. We guarantee maximum freshness, the largest assortment and 24/48-hour ordering and delivery service, tailored to each customer’s needs.
Danilo Fumagalli
who we are
Commercial catering
Restaurants: family, starred, chains, bakeries, workshops, dark kitchens, caterers, hotels.
learn more
Collective catering
School, corporate, religious, hospital canteens, nursing homes
learn more
GDO and Retail
Organized Distribution, Neighborhood Food Stores, Fruit and Vegetable Specialty Stores
learn more
million kilos of products/year
square meters of refrigerated platform
customers
references
daily deliveries
years of experience
They say about us
Complicity and research to achieve maximum product expression.
Enrico Croatti chef Mœbius Milan
Sometimes we have to ask for everything right away; however, Fumagalli's girls are always very courteous and never back down when a helping hand is needed. This for a company like ours has real value that helps us work in high-stress environment such as the "ready to eat" world.
Riccardo Riva owner Riva food
We have had the opportunity to collaborate in multiple food retail projects . They are true partners : in deeds , not in words . Always present but especially in critical situations: problem solvers Attentive to the digitization of processes, they have often been anticipators of innovative IT solutions . Erika, our business reference is a unique person : she participates in the life of our companies with her heart and with true satisfaction in seeing them grow . Unquestionable the quality/price ratio of the products supplied, the seriousness of all operators and and the rigor applied from picking to logistics to the strict adherence to delivery times . Unique .
Maria Luisa Castiglioni | Panini Durini
Via Ferrante Brioschi 39 – 20842 – Besana in Brianza ( MB)
Call center: 0362918010 – 0362942015
Fax: 0362 918167 | WhatsApp 3318551262
E-mail:
commerciale@fumagallidanilo.com
Follow
Follow
Follow
© Copyright 2021 – All rights reserved Fumagalli Danilo SRL – P. IVA 05419200968. –
fumagalli.danilosrl@lamiapec.it
– Tel: 0362918010 / 0362942015 |
Privacy Policy
|
Cookie Policy
| Developed by
7180 SRLS Unipersonale
Hai domande ?
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in
settings
.
Accept
Italiano
(
Italian
)
English
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by
GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Settings