Biotech Solutions for Human Health: Nutritional Yeasts, Probiotics, Active Ingredients
Skip to content
Products
Brands
We believe in building strong brands that allow to offer the highest quality solutions.
Active ingredients
Our portfolio of pure molecules like folate, vitamin K2, chondroitin sulfate or SAMe.
Probiotics
We provide bacteria and yeasts probiotics and prebiotics to support human health.
Nutritional yeasts
Used in dietary supplements, seasonings, and functional foods that support health benefits.
Where to buy our solutions
Wherever you are you can contact our regional sales team: APAC, NORAM, EMEA, LATAM.
Health Benefits
Wellness & Immune Health
We focus on solutions for cardiovascular & immune health support, daily nutrition, and beauty.
Mood & Cognitive Health
We focus on solutions to improve our cognitive and brain health, and combate stress and anxiety.
Mobility & Joint Health
We focus on nutritional solutions that empower our bones, joints, and muscles.
Reproduction & Women’s Health
We focus on solutions to support fertility, pregnancy, menopause and overall wellness.
Digestion & Gut Health
We focus on solutions to target digestive disorders, liver protection and detoxification.
Strengths & Capabilities
Research & Application
We deliver science evidences and strong expertise thanks to our R&A team and partnerships.
Production & Processes
Fermentation and biocatalysis processes at a large scale to benefit human health.
Quality & Regulatory
Constant review of regulatory trends and industrial processes to deliver greater quality products.
Supply Chain & Customer Service
Both departments know the pain points most customers experience and maintain a square focus on anticipating and eliminating any possible issues.
Who We Are
Our history
Part of Lesaffre, a company with a vibrant history extending nearly 170 years.
Our team
More than 450 team members located in different regions to be close to our customers.
Our values
We believe in nature and we exist to explore it to find healthier solutions for human well-being.
Our Commitments
“Exploring Life to improve Living” is our motto. We remain committed to in all of our work.
News & Events
Blog
Discover all our latest news, videos, market trends and more.
Cardiovascular Health Mag
A Mag dedicated to all news related to Cardiovascular Health.
Energy & Immune Health Mag
Learn about the trends and innovations in the Energy & Immune Health market.
Mood & Cognitive Health Mag
Learn about the Mood & Cognitive Health Mag.
Vitamin K2 Mag
Discover all the news and trends related to the star nutrient.
Events & Tradeshows
Find where you can meet our teams over the year.
Gnosis in the Media
Discover what industry-leading scientists and physicians have to say about our contributions to human and planetary health.
Resources
Search...
Subscribe to our newsletter
Contact
Exploring life
to improve living
Solutions for nutraceuticals, pharmaceuticals, and functional food & beverage brands
Fermentation to Benefit Human Health
At Gnosis, we harness the
power of microorganisms
to transform compounds into usable
nutritional actives
,
nutritional yeasts, prebiotics, and probiotic
s
t
hat benefit human health.
Our transformation process is natura
l
and sustainable, and will shape the future of the industry. It’s called fermentation.
Since 1853, Lesaffre has been
exploring
the limitless potential of fermentation.
At Gnosis by Lesaffre, we’ve
uncovered
a way to offer consumers and
brands different, better options to support
well-being
:
nutritional actives and nutrients created
by fermentation processes.
We believe in science
;
we respect the planet. We create environments and cultures for microorganisms to thrive.
We create a range of ingredients & products that allow humankind to thrive.
Learn more about who we are
Fermentation process,
backed by science
Fermentation and
biocatalysis
are
replicable, reliable, and meticulously studied, allowing us to
maintain
unrivaled quality and consistency while scaling up production.
Learn more about our process
Exploring life to improve Moving.
Digesting. Aging. Feeling. Living.
Our Brands
We provide innovative solutions to the nutraceutical, pharmaceutical and functional food & beverage brands, so that they can meet the consumer needs, and support human health with a different option: ingredients from fermentation based.
Discover all our brands
MenaQ7
®
Learn more
Quatrefolic
®
Learn more
Adonat
®
Learn more
Lynside
®
Learn more
Red Star
®
Learn more
LifeinU
®
Learn more
Landkind
®
Learn more
Health Benefits
We work towards human wellbeing, focusing on 5 key health benefits, offering a range of solutions for the body and mind.
Wellness & Immune Health
Discover
Cognitive & Mood Health
Discover
Mobility & Joint Health
Discover
Reproduction & Women’s Health
Discover
Digestion & Gut Health
Discover
Vitafoods Europe 2024
Join the Gnosis by Lesaffre team at Vitafoods Europe in Geneve, Switzerland, Stop by booth H28.
May 14-16, 2024
Learn more
LANDKIND® Pure Salidroside
Rhodiola
(
rosea or
crenulata
), well-known for its impact on energy levels, mood, and mental performance, has been a botanical used in natural products for centuries, with salidroside,
Rhodiola’s
most studied bioactive, playing an important role in its efficacy
Learn more
Latest news & events
Discover all our news
Lynside®
News
Trends
May 07, 2024
A Powerful Beauty Combination
Gnosis by Lesaffre recently hosted an illuminating webinar in India, spotlighting Quatrefolic
®
's pivotal role...
News
Quatreflora
Reproduction & Women's Health
May 06, 2024
Revitalizing Health:
Quatrefolic
®
‘s Impact on Anemia
and Fertility in India
Gnosis by Lesaffre recently hosted an illuminating webinar in India, spotlighting Quatrefolic
®
's pivotal role...
Cardio
MenaQ7®
Mobility & Joint Health
May 02, 2024
MenaQ7
®
Featured in
Celebrity Angels
Vitamin K Campaign
We are happy to share the expansion of our educational marketing efforts into the...
Worldwide presence and
collaborations in our industry
"Working with Gnosis by Lesaffre is easy because we can count on reliable communication and feedback from the different teams. Moreover, the quality of their products and guaranteed efficient deliveries is extremely important for the stability of our business."
"Gnosis by Lesaffre has two undeniable strengths: the quality of the products and very satisfying customer service."
"We were initially interested in working with Gnosis by Lesaffre because of their impressive variety of recognized products, especially nutraceuticals and probiotics. Today, this was a good decision, thanks to the reactivity and proactivity of Customer Service and Sales throughout our journey, which helped build a trusting relationship with Gnosis."
"Gnosis by Lesaffre is deservedly recognized as an example of 100% perfect service level: from the moment we first got in touch with Gnosis by Lesaffre, we appreciated the transparency and reactivity of the teams."
"The quality of the products is outstanding. They are often re-ordered by our clients. Thanks to our good relationship with Gnosis, we are always promptly made aware of scientific advancements and discoveries affiliated with their products."
"We chose to work with Gnosis by Lesaffre for two main reasons: products that meet our business needs and the valuable trusting relationship we have developed with our Gnosis sales representative over the years."
High standard of
Quality​ Since 1882
Scientific Expertise
Fermentation Processes
Customer support
& Partnerships
Part of Lesaffre
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Linkedin
CORPORATE HEADQUARTER
101 rue de Menin
59700 Marcq-en-Baroeul
France
Quatrefolic
MenaQ7
VitaMK7
Redstar
Redstar
Redstar
Careers
Lesaffre Activities
Legal Notices
Contact Form Policy
Quatrefolic
®
MenaQ7
®
vitaMK7
®
Red Star
®
Nutritional Yeast
Subscribe to our newsletter
The latest news, articles, and resources, sent to your inbox twice a month.
Subscribe to our newsletter
The information provided here is, to the best of our knowledge, true and accurate. However, our products must only be used in compliance with local laws and regulations. We cannot guarantee the freedom of use for every intended application or country. These statements may not have been evaluated by your local Food and Drug Administration. Our products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. A healthy, balanced and diversified diet should fulfill all nutritional needs.
© Gnosis We are a proud business unit of
Lesaffre
.
Made with love by
Cherry Pulp