Home | Millepiani Elevators
en
it
fr
ru
Home
Group
Our group
Vision and values
Success Factors
Research and development in Lift Industry
Certifications
Press area
Download brochure
Quality
Products
All products
Lifts
Residential Lifts
Goods Lift
Escalators
Stair lifts
Elevator Modernization
Lifts electric components
Custom Home Elevator Lifts
Services
Services for Lift, Goods Lift and Escalators
Lifts and Elevators maintenance
Blog
Contact
Contact
Our partners
Home H1 Eng
The lift for residential and commercial buildings
The lifting platform for homes and residences
Personalized lift
LEADER IN THE DESIGN AND PRODUCTION OF LIFTS, ELEVATOR, RESIDENTIAL LIFTS, ESCALATOR, DUMBWAITER AND STAIR LIFTS.
Comfortable mobility solutions and experiences, safe and environmentally friendly. Our target is to build a trusting relationship that lasts for the entire life cycle of our systems with personalized maintenance and modernization programs of all types of lifts.
Our products
Lifts
Indoor and Panoramic Elevators
We design and manufacture residential lifts up to more structured and complex commercial buildings, or public transportation, with universal maneuver, […]
Residential Lifts
The Lift For Everyone
The residential lifts have the prerogative of being able to be operated safely by anyone. They are the perfect tool […]
Goods Lift
The Goods Lift
Hercules is a goods lift designed to provide a simple, reliable and resistant goods and passenger transportation between several floors […]
Escalators
Quietness and comfort
Millepiani Elevators, official and exclusive partner for Italy of Anlev Escalator presents the line of escalators; these products complete the […]
Stair lifts
Simplicity of Moving
The stair lift is a device designed to afford a comfortable transportation of people between different floors of a building: […]
Elevator Modernization
Analysis, Adjustment And Improvement Of All Elevators
Millepiani Elevators is the most appreciated Italian operators in the analysis, adjustment and improvement of all elevators: through the advice […]
Lifts electric components
Digital Solutions for Elevators
Millepiani Elevators uses a unique system for each installation and type of elevator or home lift. The production in Millepiani […]
Custom Home Elevator Lifts
Lifts, Goods Lifts And Escalators Customised
Millepiani Elevators guarantees to the clients the best solutions for each vertical transportation needs: the references lines of the company’s […]
Request information
Are you interested in our products or looking for a particular one designed specifically for you? Contact us!
Telephone +39 02 96690901
Or fill out the online form
[click here]
A complete range
Quality & Support
Long-term reliability
Certified eco-efficiency
A complete range
Elevators, Lifting platforms, Goods lifts, Escalators and Moving walkway, Stair lifts, Electrical parts, Modernizations. Solutions for every type of building,. We analyze the needs of each type of building and we guarantee the best solution for the client, from the design phase until the final installation.
Quality & Support
In condimentum facilisis porta. Sed nec diam eu diam mattis viverra. Nulla fringilla, orci ac euismod semper, magna diam porttitor mauris, quis sollicitudin sapien justo in libero. Vestibulum mollis mauris enim. Morbi euismod magna ac lorem rutrum elementum. Donec viverra auctor lobortis. Pellentesque eu est a nulla placerat dignissim. Morbi a enim in magna semper bibendum.
Long-term reliability
We build a relationship of trust with the client ensuring the quality of the facilities and we consolidate it through our service and maintenance engineer. The correct operation of a system offers safety and peace of mind to people ensuring freedom of movement.
Timeliness interventions minimizes the inconvenience and periodicity of inspections that maintains a constant level of plant performance.
Certified eco-efficiency
The concern for the environment, mainly through energy savings and through careful production choices, characterized for years our Research & Development. From this philosophy the care for the environment, from the need to achieve real energy efficiency are born some of our successes.
Home Lifts
All
News
29 Jun 2021
Elevator World’s Photo Contest 2017
Millepiani Elevators is between the finalists of the “Photo Contest 2017” from the Elevator World Magazine in the private residences […]
28 Jun 2021
Elevator : Guide for choosing the best one
How to choose the best elevator There is a myriad of reasons you would want to install a lift in […]
Blog
29 Jun 2021 -
Interviews
Interview with Nigel Lambert
What is an elevator for you? Let me think for a moment! An elevator is not just a box that […]
29 Jun 2021 -
Interviews
Millepiani Elevators in the Russian market in partnership with Reallift
Reallift is a millepiani elevators partner for the russian market. Our products are studied to improve the quality of life […]
Millepiani Elevators
Millepiani Elevators is the leader in the design and production for lifts, elevator, escalator, home lifts, residential lifts, dumbwaiter and […]
Home
News
Privacy Policy
-
Cookie Policy
Download Brochure
Customer Area
-
FTP
Contacts
Via Della Longura, 21
20826 Misinto – MB – Italy
Telephone +39 02 96690901
Fax +39 02 96690990
Ricerca
Platform Lift
Home Lift
Wheelchair Lift
Home Elevators
Dumbwaiter
Residential Lifts Prices
© Copyright 2024   Millepiani Elevators
Credits:
Shaken
Top