Avnet EMEA: Quality Electronic Components & Services
Toggle navigation
Linecards
Avnet Abacus Linecards
Avnet Silica Linecard
EBV Linecard
Solutions
IoT
Markets
Markets Overview
Aerospace & Defense
Automotive & Transportation
Building & Home Automation
Communications
Embedded Vision
Energy
Healthcare
Industrial
Lighting
Security & Surveillance
Wearables
Technologies
Technologies Overview
AI & ML
Analog
Avnet Embedded & Displays
Batteries
Connectors
Electromechanical
Embedded Software
MCU & MPU
Memory and Storage
Passive
Power
Programmable Logic
RF & Wireless
Security & Identification
Sensing
Timing
Product & Solutions Design
Services Overview
Business Migration
Design Hub
Value Added Services
Supply Chain Solutions
SCS Overview
Supply Chain as a Service (SCaaS)
Kanban
Pareto
Pours
Consignment
RaBET Tool
Ticio
Traditional EDI
Vendor Management Inventory
ASAP Program
Amicon
Forecast
Avnet-SCS-Publications
Logistics
Logistics Overview
Product Modification Center
Warehouse Locations
Bernburg
Resources
Startup Resources
Content Library
Brochures, Magazines & Articles
Podcasts
Newsletters
Training & Events
Research: Avnet Insights
Avnet API
About Us
About Avnet Inc.
About Avnet EMEA
Overview
Certifications
Quality Management
Environmental Social and Governance
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
EMEA Community Engagement
Environmental Sustainability
Ethics and Compliance
Supply Chain Due Diligence
Avnet Companies
Avnet Abacus
Avnet Embedded
Avnet Integrated
Avnet Silica
EBV Elektronik
Avnet in Israel
Farnell
Hackster.io
Softweb Solutions
Witekio
Careers
Careers Overview
Trainee Programs
Graduates
Applying at Avnet
Current Job Openings
Locations | Contact Us
Session Timeout
Your session is about to expire. Do you want to extend the
			session?
00:
59
Extend
				My Session
{}
Custom Meta Tags
Display content menu
Display portlet menu
Home Page Marquee
Display content menu
Display portlet menu
IOT BEYOND CONNECTIVITY
IoT Solutions for Industrial Automation,
Medical and Smart Agriculture
Discover now
DESIGN FASTER,
WITH MORE CONFIDENCE
Access proven editable reference designs
to speed up your design process
START YOUR DESIGN
SMART HOME & MATTER
Discover the Game-Changing
Matter Standard for Smart Homes
DOWNLOAD WHITEPAPER
URBAN CONNECTIVITY
BUILDING BLOCKS
Discover TE Connectivity's Smart City
Sensors, Antennas and Connector Technology
LEARN MORE
Tech days
Compute, Adapt, Accelerate
Avnet Silica, AMD & partners present a
one-day technical deep-dive all over Europe
Register Now
emea content library/avnethome/home page content/home page marquee
Home Page Marquee
EMEA Home Page Brand Banner
Display content menu
Display portlet menu
Welcome to Avnet in EMEA - Your Experts in Electronics Distribution.
Learn more
emea content library/avnethome/home page content/emea home page brand banner
EMEA Home Page Brand Banner
Home Page Featured Products
Display content menu
Display portlet menu
FEATURED PRODUCTS
Visit our Online Portals for more products
SFH 2704A
ams OSRAM
Green enhanced photodiode for Vital Sign Monitoring
VIEW DETAILS
ISP5261-WX
Insight-SiP
WiFi 6 and BLE module with integrated 5Ghz and 2.4Ghz antennas
VIEW DETAILS
Flecto Floating connectors
Harwin
Introducing the Flecto Floating connectors.
VIEW DETAILS
AAMD-EL33-VW002
Broadcom
Mini high brightness SMT round lamps
VIEW DETAILS
RA8T1 MCU
Renesas
480 MHz Arm® Cortex®-M85 Based Motor Control MCU with Helium™
VIEW DETAILS
DEUTSCH DT family
TE Connectivity
DEUTSCH DT, DTM and DTP series environmentally sealed connectors.
VIEW DETAILS
XENSIV™ - TLI5590
Infineon Technologies
Stray field robust linear TMR sensor
VIEW DETAILS
Advanced Packaging Solutions
Nexperia
Empowering automotive electrification and industrial advancements
VIEW DETAILS
1.0mm coax connectors
Cinch Connectivity
1.0mm series is a precision grade connector family.
VIEW DETAILS
SensorTile.box Pro
STMicroelectronics
The all-in-one solution to make you a superhero in your domain
VIEW DETAILS
STEVAL-QUADV01
STMicroelectronics
Power management eval-board based on stepdown regulators and LDO
VIEW DETAILS
SS-52400-002 series USB Type-C connector
Stewart Connector
USB Type-C connector.
VIEW DETAILS
emea content library/avnethome/home page content/home page featured products
Home Page Featured Products
Home Page Partner Solutions
Display content menu
Display portlet menu
PARTNER SOLUTIONS
Learn more about Avnet in EMEA
IoT Beyond Connectivity - IoT Solutions
The future of Motor Control with ST: Empowering precision and efficiency
Factory Automation Solutions
Avnet Silica presents: NXP MCX A Series MCUs
Infineon Green Hydrogen
OFF WHAT? IPE OFF-BOARD! Pioneering Tomorrow’s Sectors
STMicroelectronics MEMS Sensors
Bel medical grade power supplies
Renesas Arm® Cortex®-M85 MCU Series
emea content library/avnethome/home page content/home page partner solutions
Home Page Partner Solutions
EMEA Home Page Resources and Tools
Display content menu
Display portlet menu
RESOURCES & TOOLS
NEWSLETTERS
Sign up and get the latest editions of our newsletters and magazines straight to your inbox.
PODCASTS
Check out the latest podcasts from Avnet Silica and EBV Elektronik.
DIGITAL PORTALS
Streamline your business with Avnet's intuitive, easy-to-use online tools.
CONTACT US
Connect with our business units and find their sales locations in EMEA
COMPANIES
Get an overview of the Avnet Business Units in EMEA and their manufacturer linecards.
emea content library/avnethome/home page content/emea home page resources and tools
EMEA Home Page Resources and Tools
EMEA Home Page Events
Display content menu
Display portlet menu
UPCOMING EVENTS
View more events
Visit Avnet Abacus @ Hardware Pioneers Max 2024
London, UK, 28 - 29 May 2024
Register now
Game-Changing Matter Standard for Smart Homes
Online, 29 May 2024, 17:00 CEST
Register now
Discover the new RA8 series MCU with Cortex-M85
Oxford, United Kingdom, 23 Mai 2024
Register Now
emea content library/avnethome/home page content/emea home page events
EMEA Home Page Events
Find a Location
Avnet in EMEA
00800 412 412 11
OnlineSupportEU@Avnet.com
About Avnet
About Avnet Inc.
Investor Relations
Newsroom
Avnet EMEA Overview
Careers
Resources
Publications
Podcasts
Newsletters
Training & Events
Certifications
Help
Online Portals
API Request
Environmental, Social and Governance
Conflict Mineral Policy
Locations & Contacts
Experts in Electronics Design, Supply Chain, Logistics & Distribution.
© Copyright
Avnet, Inc. All rights reserved.   |
Human Rights
|
Privacy
|
Cookies
|
Legal
|
Accessibility
|
Sitemap
|
Imprint
Privacy Preference Center
Your Privacy
Your Privacy
When you visit any web site, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience.
Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Always Active
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site may not work then.
Cookies used
ak_bmsc
This cookie is associated with Akamai and is used to differentiate between traffic from humans and bots
AVN_IpAddress
The cookie contains the IP Address of the user.
avnetCookieAcceptance
This cookie is to track if you have accepted the cookie policy. It will be random characters to create a unique id for you. This id will be stored in a database on a server that Avnet owns and would be used to filter the cookies that you have chosen to allow/deny.
avUserInfo-abacus
This cookie contains the user profile data for Abacus.
avUserInfo-abacus-celus
This cookie contains the logon information for Design Hub.
avUserInfo-ebv
This cookie contains the user profile data for EBV.
avUserInfo-ebv-celus
This cookie contains the logon information for Design Hub
avUserInfo-silica
This cookie contains the user profile data for Silica.
avUserInfo-silica-celus
This cookie contains the logon information for Design Hub.
bm_sv
This cookie is necessary for the Akamai cache function. A cache is used by the website to optimize the response time between the visitor and the website.
DxSessionAffinity
This cookie is used for session management.
JSESSIONID
This cookie is used for session management.
LtpaToken2
This cookie contains the value of WebSphere Application Server LTPA token used for single sign on.
pathName
This cookie is used to return the user back to the previous page after Login is completed.
pathNameAbacus
This cookie is used to return the user back to the previous page after Login is completed.
pathNameEbv
This cookie is used to return the user back to the previous page after Login is completed.
pathNameSilica
This cookie is used to return the user back to the previous page after Login is completed.
RT
This cookie is used to analyze site functionality.
speedboatQuery
This cookie is used to return the user back to the previous page after Login is completed.
speedboatQueryAbacus
This cookie is used to return the user back to the previous page after Login is completed.
speedboatQueryEbv
This cookie is used to return the user back to the previous page after Login is completed.
speedboatQuerySilica
This cookie is used to return the user back to the previous page after Login is completed.
User_Country
This cookie contains the user's country value based on the Geo Location
BIGipServerisam-webseal-pci.443
This cookie is set from the Big IP proxy servers that provide additional security on Avnet's websites
selectedAccountNum-abacus
This cookie contains the selected account for Abacus.
selectedAccountNum-ebv
This cookie contains the selected account for EBV.
selectedAccountNum-silica
This cookie contains the selected account for Silica.
selectedAccName-abacus
This cookie contains the selected account name for Abacus.
selectedAccName-ebv
This cookie contains the selected account name for EBV.
selectedAccName-silica
This cookie contains the selected account name for Silica.
selectedSalesOrg-abacus
This cookie contains the selected account sales org for Abacus.
selectedSalesOrg-ebv
This cookie contains the selected account sales org for EBV.
selectedSalesOrg-silica
This cookie contains the selected account sales org for Silica.
Performance Cookies
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site.
Cookies used
s_ecid
This cookie is set by the customer’s domain after the AMCV cookie is set by the client. The purpose of this cookie is to allow persistent ID tracking in the 1st party state and is used as a reference ID if the AMCV cookie has expired.
s_cc
This cookie is set and read by the JavaScript code to determine if cookies are enabled (set to “True”)
s_sq
This cookie is set and read by the JavaScript code when the SelectMap functionality or the Activity Map functionality are enabled; it contains information about the previous link that was selected on by the user.
s_vi
This cookie is used to identify a unique visitor
Targeting Cookies
Targeting Cookies
These cookies are set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant ads on other sites. They work by uniquely identifying your browser and device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will not experience our targeted advertising across different websites.
Cookies used
AMCVS_####@AdobeOrg
The AMCV cookie contains the Experience Cloud visitor ID or MID.
AMCV_####@AdobeOrg
This cookie is used to identify a unique visitor.
demdex
Audience Manager sets this cookie to assign a unique ID to a site visitor. The demdex cookie helps Audience Manger perform basic functions, such as visitor identification, ID synchronization, segmentation, modeling, reporting, and so on.
everest_g_v2
Created after a user initially clicks a client's ad, and used to map the current and subsequent clicks with other events on the client's website.
More Information
Cookie policies
In the spirit of fair and transparent processing of personal data, this policy provides detailed information about how and when we use cookies and/or other analytics tools. This cookie policy applies to any Avnet product or service that links to this policy or incorporates it by reference.
Abacus Cookie Policy
Americas Cookie Policy
APAC Cookie Policy
EBV Cookie Policy
EMEA Cookie Policy
Japan Cookie Policy
Silica Cookie Policy
Accept All
Save Settings
Cookie Settings
Your privacy is important to us.
We use cookies to enhance your experience when visiting our websites: performance cookies show us how you use this website, functional cookies remember your preferences and targeting cookies help us to share content relevant to you. Select "Accept all" for giving your consent to all cookies, select "Cookie settings" for managing the different cookies or select "Reject all" for using only strictly necessary cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time by clicking on the cookie settings link on the website.
Settings
Reject All
Accept All
Complementary Content
Deferred Modules
${title}
${badge}
${loading}
Deferred Modules