Open Fiber - Home page - We connect Italy,1 gigabit at once
About us
Press releases
Work with us
Operators Reserved Area
Check coverage
search
support
menu
.
Fast. Efficient. Safe.
Optical fiber
revolutionises your life.
Discover all the opportunities of our FTTH connection now.
Search
28.03.24
Tecnology and Innovation
Blockchain and FTTH fiber-optic network, all the advantages in healthcare
Blockchain technology enables reliable and transparent data management. This offers many advantages in healthcare In recent years, there has been a revival of interest in blockchain: this technology can provide greater security and efficiency in the management of information, making it the preferred solution for data processing, especially in the health sector.  We take a […]
29.02.24
Tecnology and Innovation
What is Challenge Based Learning (CBL), the new way of learning in school 4.0
CBL is a learning method based on finding a solution to a concrete challenge. Here we reveal how it works and how FTTHFTTH “Fiber to the Home” is the technology that connects POPs, located in exchanges, to end users’ property units with fiber optics. fiber optics is its trusted partner The digital evolution in education […]
29.02.24
Open Fiber World
TeleSmeg project: new digital solutions for a zero-emission future
New digital solutions to optimise the energy management process: this is the goal of TeleSmeg, a project conducted as part of the RESTART programme. The energy transition cannot be separated from the digital transition: this is the idea behind TeleSmeg, the ambitious project conducted as part of the RESTART research and development programme, for which […]
09.02.24
Open Fiber World
FAAS project: even more efficient FTTH fiber optic for seismic monitoring
Discovering the FAAS project, a further step in the use of FTTHFTTH “Fiber to the Home” is the technology that connects POPs, located in exchanges, to end users’ property units with fiber optics. fiber optic for seismic sensing.  A collaboration with the Politecnico di Torino, the National Institute of Geophysics and Volcanology (INGV), and the […]
01.02.24
Connectivity as a primary need: data from the EY survey
According to a recent EY survey, in spite of rising prices, connectivity remains a primary need for citizens. What role does Open Fiber play? Connectivity is a primary need for citizens, according to the recent EY survey ‘Decoding the digital home study’. The survey, conducted on 2,500 households in Italy and over 20,000 globally, analysed consumer […]
Go to news
it
en
search
coverage
close
Corporate
About us
Company
Sustainability
Our commitment
QHSE
Energy
RESTART research program
Net Zero Plan
Our customers
Private individuals
Building Administrators
Businesses
Institutions
Opportunities
Operators
Operators services
Our Partners
Available infrastructure
Become a Partner
Coverage plan
Work progress
White Areas work progress
General Information
Media
Press office
Communication
Technologies
FTTH
5G
5G Frejus Project
Work with us
Our values
Recruitment process
Careers
Caring for People & CSV
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
Suppliers
Become a supplier
Qualification requirements for A&B clusters
Qualification criteria for C&D Clusters
Infratel Area
C&D Infratel Tenders Information
Services
Operators Reserved Area
Contact us
Glossary
Support
it
en
Bringing ultra-broadband to White Areas.
Concretely reducing the digital divide.
Giving citizens equal opportunities.
Implementation of the ultra-fast network in White Areas is continuing unabated. You can find out how the work is progressing with our monthly update.
Stay up-to-date
The best solution to connect businesses, homes
and Public Administrations
Video streaming
without buffering
Fast and realiable
smart working
Play online
without lag
Make the most of
domotics
Open Fiber
Partners
Scegli la velocità di Open Fiber e richiedi la connessione a banda ultra larga all’Operatore che preferisci.
Discover our network
Stay connected with
evolution
Discover our way
28.03.24
Tecnology and Innovation
Blockchain and FTTH fiber-optic network, all the advantages in healthcare
Blockchain technology enables reliable and transparent data management. This offers many advantages in healthcare In recent years, there has been a revival of interest in blockchain: this technology can provide greater security and efficiency in the management of information, making it the preferred solution for data processing, especially in the health sector.  We take a […]
29.02.24
Tecnology and Innovation
What is Challenge Based Learning (CBL), the new way of learning in school 4.0
CBL is a learning method based on finding a solution to a concrete challenge. Here we reveal how it works and how FTTHFTTH “Fiber to the Home” is the technology that connects POPs, located in exchanges, to end users’ property units with fiber optics. fiber optics is its trusted partner The digital evolution in education […]
29.02.24
Open Fiber World
TeleSmeg project: new digital solutions for a zero-emission future
New digital solutions to optimise the energy management process: this is the goal of TeleSmeg, a project conducted as part of the RESTART programme. The energy transition cannot be separated from the digital transition: this is the idea behind TeleSmeg, the ambitious project conducted as part of the RESTART research and development programme, for which […]
09.02.24
Open Fiber World
FAAS project: even more efficient FTTH fiber optic for seismic monitoring
Discovering the FAAS project, a further step in the use of FTTHFTTH “Fiber to the Home” is the technology that connects POPs, located in exchanges, to end users’ property units with fiber optics. fiber optic for seismic sensing.  A collaboration with the Politecnico di Torino, the National Institute of Geophysics and Volcanology (INGV), and the […]
Enter our world
Find out all about
optical fiber
Our network was created to offer citizens greater accessibility to services and to give new opportunities to the “Italian system”: a stable and fast FTTH network up to 1 Gigabit per second (Gbps) – which originates from the central office and is directly connected to your home – with a very low environmental and architectural impact.
FTTH Technology
GPON
5G
Opportunities
Follow us
Credits
Legal notes
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Manage preferences
© Open Fiber S.p.A. 2024 all rights reserved
Support
Contact us