Presezzi Extrusion S.p.A. - Extrusion Presses
English
|
Italian
Toggle navigation
Home
The Group
Engineering
Products
Melting Technology
Extrusion
Profile Automation
Service
Extrolub
PE.E.S.S.
Revamping
Reference
Contacts
One Company
Many Specialist
We trust in
Innovation
to
save energy
Top
italian quality
SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING
The sustainability policies promoted by our Group can be viewed at the dedicated minisite. The publication of analysis, data and insights on ESG issues are at the core of our commitment and we wish to share them with all our stakeholders.
Integrated Report 2022
Sustainability Report 2021
Go to minisite
Presezzi Extrusion was established in 1994 as a supplier of machinery for the extrusion industry. 
						Today it is one of the leading manufacturers of extrusion presses in the world and his name has become synonymous of
HIGH LEVEL TECHNOLOGY
and
FLEXIBILITY
in the design and construction of various types of presses for aluminum, hard alloy, copper and brass.
Our
Product
Melting Technology
UBC Scrap Decoaters, Furnaces, L.E.C. Stirrer, Charging & Skimming Machine, Dross Cooler, Horizontal Casting Billet.
View Details
Extrusion Presses
Z.P.E. Zero Pollution Energy, Extrusion Presses, H.E.C.S. Cooling System, Puller / Saw System.
View Details
Profile Automation
Extrusion Table, Automation of the Profile, Automatic Profile Stackers and Destackers, Internal Logistics, Automatic Bundle Storage and Retrieval Systems, Automatic Die Storage Systems.
View Details
Why Choose
Us
Because we always look to the future
the quality of our products is the starting point for the design of new solutions projected towards the future, thanks to specific investments in the R&D department. We are proud to offer our customers our Energy Saving System;
Because we are part of Presezzi Extrusion Group
we can offer our customers a variety of services related to the world of extrusion products, presenting us as a solid and well established company that designs and manufactures all the equipment needed for a complete extrusion line;
Because customer satisfaction is our main goal
our technical office is able to help our customers around the world, providing quick and effective solutions;
Because we are dynamic
we enthusiastically carry on every project , achieving all new machines with the utmost passion and professionalism possible to offer our clients the best solutions to their needs;
Because we offer unique projects
each project we do is unique and unrepeatable, we build our machines step by step with our customers to reach an important goal: the perfection of the result;