Leadership Team
Services
Buy
Contact
THE CERTIFIED SOURCE FOR RENEWED TECH
REMarkets provides leading global brands with lifecycle management solutions for technology assets and offers customers around
the world high quality, certified equipment that has been rigorously tested, inspected, and refurbished in the company's certified, purpose-built facilities.
Founded in 2016, REMarkets is backed by private equity firm Brightstar Capital Partners, a New York
based firm with over $4B total assets under management. It is led by a seasoned executive leadership team, and has industry leading compliance certificates including ISO 9001, 14001, 27001, 45001 and R2v3.
Solutions
Scroll to view our
Services & Solutions
Buy
Shop our online store
OUR SOLUTIONS
Value Added Services
Differentiated, rigorous refurbishment process is designed to return products to “like new” condition.
Sales Support
Help partners develop and execute their strategies.
Omnichannel Resale
Sell equipment through any channel.
Asset Management
Expert capabilities to retire owned or leased assets.
Logistics
Collect devices from any location.
Asset Valuations
Use analytics from global multi-channel recoveries.
Our Locations
Richmond,
Virginia USA
Toronto,
Canada
Austin,
Texas USA
Chicago,
Illinois USA
REMarkets provides leading global brands with lifecycle management solutions for technology assets and offers customers around the world high quality, certified equipment that has been rigorously tested, inspected, and refurbished in the Company’s certified, purpose-built facilities.
OUR ROLE IN THE CIRCULAR ECONOMY
REMarkets is an enabler, sourcing high-quality systems, parts, and components directly from global manufacturers and service providers
to help them accomplish their sustainability goals while receiving improved returns for their equipment.
OUR LEADERSHIP TEAM
Jake Player
Chief Executive Officer
Jake Player is the CEO of REMarkets and a Board of Directors Member. He has over 20 years of industry experience, including leadership positions at Dell, TechTurn, and Arrow Electronics. He has experience in Sales, Marketing, Finance, Operations, Services, Supply Chains, and Mergers & Acquisitions. He holds a bachelor’s degree from Hampden-Sydney College, and an MBA from the University of Texas at Austin. He enjoys fishing, hiking, golf, and reading.
Ben ellis
Chief Financial Officer
Ben Ellis is the CFO of REMarkets. He has over 20 years of leadership, finance and M&A experience in various industries including investment banking, waste and recycling, retail and oil and gas at private and public companies. Ben has been instrumental in over $25B of financing, M&A and advisory transactions during his career. He earned a Bachelor of Engineering degree from Vanderbilt University in Biomedical Engineering and an MBA from the University of Texas at Austin.
JOEL DAWSON
SVP, Head of Global Operations & HR
Joel Dawson is the SVP, Global Operations and Human Resources. Joel has 15 years of Operations, Human Resources and M&A leadership experience across, Bio Tech, High Tech and Data Center industries. He holds a bachelors degree from Columbia College. He enjoys fishing, reading and traveling with his family.
Kim Jensen
SVP, Head of Global Recommerce
and Digitalization
Kim Jensen is the SVP, Head of Global Recommerce and Digitalization. His career in the industry dates back to 1998. In 2004, he co-founded Greentech, a leading Nordic ITAD, that was acquired by Arrow Electronics, Inc. (Fortune #109) in 2013. He has education from The Royal Norwegian Naval Academy and Harvard Business School. He is dedicated to volunteering in children’s sports, enjoys playing golf and traveling with his family.
CRIS LULL
SVP, Head of Major Accounts
Cris Lull joined ReMarkets in 2019 as an experienced software and technology executive with a track record of strategic execution to generate enterprise services revenue. Growth strategies have included Pre-IPO, private equity backed, venture capital backed and acquisition roll ups. He currently runs our global account management team.
SARA RUIZ
Compliance & Facilities Director
Sara Ruiz is the Compliance & Facilities Director of REMarkets. She has been in the EQH&S industry for more than twelve years, assessing employee and client needs. Her core competencies include management of procedures and compliance to the R2 (Responsible Recycling), TCEQ, EPA and ISO standards with pertinent federal, state and local regulations. When not enjoying the live music scene in Austin, Sara likes the outdoors and gardening.
Troy Storer
VP, Sales Operations
Troy Storer is the Vice President of Sales Operations at Remarkets. He has been in the reverse logistics industry for 20+ years with experience in purchasing, sales, operations and services.Troy holds a bachelor’s degree from The University of Texas at Austin.
KATHERINE MCCORMICK
HR Director
Katherine McCormick is the HR Director at REMarkets, boasting over 20 years of experience in the reverse logistics/tech industry. Her expertise spans HRIS development, employee relations, payroll & benefits administration. Katherine is also dedicated to developing HR foundations for startups and young companies. She earned her BA from Texas State University and enjoys baking and traveling.
Board of Directors
TOM MEREDITH
Tom Meredith is a Partner at Brightstar Capital Partners and serves as Board Chair of REMarkets. He is also serves as Vice Chair of Likewize.​​
Tom’s career spans more than 35 years and includes extensive experience in corporate finance, manufacturing, finance operations, and global financial markets.
Prior to joining Brightstar, Tom was Vice Board Chair of Likewize, which was sold to Softbank in 2014. He was a Co-founder and Chair of the Board of Managers of Meritage Capital, an investment management firm specializing in multi-manager hedge funds.
Prior to establishing Meritage in 2003, Tom served in various senior positions at Dell, including CFO, SVP of Business Development and Strategy, and Managing Director of Dell Ventures. Prior to joining Dell, he was VP and Treasurer for Sun Microsystems and Co-Founder and GM of Amdahl Capital Corporation.​
Tom has received numerous accolades and awards including being named 2018 Harvey Penick Award Winner for Excellence in the Game of Life; 2012 Chamber of Commerce Austinite of the Year; 2010 Austin Community Foundation Philanthropy Award for donors who have shown philanthropic leadership in Central Texas; the Torch of Liberty Award given by the ADL in 2006; Outstanding Philanthropist of the Year given by the Association of Professional Fundraisers in 2004; and an Honorary Alumni Award given by Leadership Austin in 2003.
​
Tom currently serves on the Advisory Boards of the LBJ School of Public Affairs as well as the Center for the Study of Race and Democracy at the University of Texas. He is an Emeritus Trustee of the University of Virginia College Foundation Board. From 2009-2018 Tom served on the worldwide board of The Nature Conservancy. Tom received his B.A. in political science from St. Francis University, a J.D. from Duquesne University and an LL.M. from Georgetown University Law Center.
ANDREW WEINBERG
Andrew Weinberg is Founder & CEO and Member of Brightstar Capital Partners and serves on the board of REMarkets. Additionally, he currently serves as Board Chair of Likewize and QualTek, and as Co-Chair of America’s Group. Andrew also serves on the boards of InfraServ US and Texas Water Supply Company, all Brightstar portfolio companies.
Prior to founding Brightstar, Andrew was a Partner at Lindsay Goldberg, a New York-based private equity firm. In addition, from 2008-2011 Andrew served as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Strategy Officer of Likewize. Likewize was acquired by Softbank in 2014. Andrew served on the Boards of 13 portfolio companies during his tenure at Lindsay Goldberg. Prior to joining Lindsay Goldberg in 2003, Andrew worked at Goldman Sachs in their Principal Investment Area (PIA). Andrew started his career at Morgan Stanley in mergers and acquisitions and leveraged finance.
Andrew received his MBA from Stanford GSB and an AB from Dartmouth College with a double major in History and Economics. Andrew serves on the board of The National Board of Review of Motion Pictures. Andrew is a member of the Young Presidents Organization (YPO). He is also a member of the World Economic Forum where he serves on the Global Future Council on Investing and the Stewardship Board of the Forum’s Platform on Shaping the Future of Investing.
Michael Drexler
Michael Drexler is the Chief Strategy Officer and a Managing Director at Brightstar. He currently serves on the board of REMarkets and America’s Group, both Brightstar portfolio companies.
Prior to joining Brightstar, Michael was Managing Director and Global Head of Strategy and Business Transformation at J.P. Morgan Asset Management based in New York.
He was a member of the division’s Operating Committee and worked with all business lines on strategic initiatives, including M&A, business efficiency, and decision making.
Previously, he worked for nearly a decade in a senior leadership role at the World Economic Forum as Member of the Executive Committee responsible for partnerships and content in the Alternative Investment industry and later the Forum’s content initiatives across the financial sector, infrastructure, and long-term investing. Michael also spent nearly a decade at Barclays Capital in London, as the Global Head of Strategy and Planning for the majority of his time there, following his role as a consultant at McKinsey & Co and a post-doctoral position at Stanford University.
Michael holds a doctorate in Mathematics from Oxford University and an M.Sc. in Engineering from the Technical University at Munich.
Yue Xi
Yue Xi is a Principal at Brightstar. He currently serves on the board of REMarkets and America’s Group, both Brightstar portfolio companies. Yue’s responsibilities include evaluating investment opportunities, performing transaction due diligence, and working with management teams to implement operational and growth strategies.
Prior to joining Brightstar, Yue was a Vice President at Calera Capital, focusing on investment opportunities across a range of industries including industrial services and business services. Prior to Calera, Yue was an Associate in the LBO Group at H.I.G. Capital. Yue began his career as a member of the Mergers and Acquisitions Group at Citi.
Yue holds an MBA from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and a BBA from the Ross School of Business at the University of Michigan.
REMarkets provides leading global brands with lifecycle management solutions for technology assets and offers customers around the world high quality, certified equipment that has been rigorously tested, inspected, and refurbished in the Company’s certified, purpose-built facilities. REMarkets’ differentiated, rigorous refurbishment process is designed to return products to “like new” condition, ensuring outstanding performance and security that guarantees customer satisfaction.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Website Use
REMarkets provides leading global brands with lifecycle management solutions for technology assets.
Copyright 2024 - REMarkets