Energy that matters. - Renantis
Skip to content
Renantis
About us
Expand or collapse a sub menu
About us
The Renantis group
Our values
Our offices
Leadership
Our impact
Energy production & storage
Services
Expand or collapse a sub menu
Services
Commerce & industry
Energy producers
Transmissions System Operators
Media
Expand or collapse a sub menu
Media
Media centre
Contact
Our people
Expand or collapse a sub menu
Our people
Living the company
Careers
Contact
English
Expand or collapse a sub menu
English
Italiano
Search the site
Submit search form
Energy that
matters.
We are Renantis. We exist to build a better future for all, by powering people’s everyday lives with care.
About us
Switch off
Eco On
Learn more about our eco mode
We’ve created a version of this site that runs as sustainable as possible.
Sustainability
is part of our DNA and our commitment to sustainability reaches far beyond the traditional understanding of the term.
Although producing clean energy and enabling its use is fundamental to what we do, we believe it is our responsibility to do more.
For us, sustainability means creating shared value for all our stakeholders, whether through funding for the communities surrounding our energy plants, community ownership of our projects or ensuring that our developments are built and maintained with support from the local workforce and supply chain.
Sustainability is about safeguarding and enhancing the environment in which we operate. Building relationships with our communities, being transparent and caring in our approach, and redistributing value is at the heart of everything we do.
Our global impact
We are a
global
player in renewable energy with operational assets in the UK, Italy, the US, Spain, France, Norway and Sweden, using wind power, solar power, waste-to-energy, biomass and energy storage systems.
Our assets and growth plan
We are a global player in renewable energy with operational assets in the UK, Italy, the US, Spain, France, Norway and Sweden, using wind power, solar power, waste-to-energy, biomass and energy storage systems.  Our asset base is constantly expanding and evolving as we diversify our pipeline of projects.
Where we are
Our
impact
1,429.7
MW installed
12,398
MW awaiting authorisation
3,246
GWh generated in 2022
1
2
3
4
The group in
numbers
Economic and productive
€ 244.2M
added value distributed to all our stakeholders
1,429.7 MW
Total
installed capacity
, of which
⟶
1,096 MW onshore wind
⟶
278.7 MW solar
⟶ 46 MW biomass & WTE
3,246 GWh
total energy produced in 2022
10.6 GW
Floating offshore wind
pipeline
⟶
5.1 GW
in Scotland and the Celtic Sea
⟶
5.5 GW
in Italy
Social and relational
46%
Plants with significant community engagement programmes
€ 1.6M
The value of community benefit schemes (UK, Sweden, Norway, France and Spain) supporting more than 40 communities
First community benefit scheme in
France
Two calls for projects to
provide support during the energy crisis for communities
in Italy and the UK
Environmental and climate
0.53 MtCO2eq
avoided GHG emissions thanks to
3,061 GWh
of renewable energy produced
Agrivoltaic
approach in
Italy
,
France
and
Spain
Sustainability Excellence
Certificate in Spain for two new renewable projects
78%
of our energy consumption comes from renewable sources
Human
43.6 hours
Average yearly training per employee
50%
The percentage of women on the BoD
Top Employer
certified 2022 for second year
753
Number of employees (
+9
% vs 2021)
Our
services
As pioneers in the renewable energy sector, we have a strong track record of providing specialist services at all stages of the value chain – from planning to production and consumption.
Commerce and industry
We help our industry and service sector clients to procure green energy, and use energy more efficiently and flexibly.
Commerce and industry
Energy producers
We help energy producers to optimise their revenue with competitive, customised energy and asset management solutions that use available infrastructure and resources more effectively.
Energy producers
For transmission systems operators
We offer complete solutions for high voltage connections, to private and public users, for transmission and distribution networks globally. We can deliver turnkey solutions from engineering to construction and commissioning. We can supply all the necessary equipment, and develope protection and control systems as needed.
Transmission Systems Operators
Along the entire value chain
Development
Identification of a suitable location for a plant, wind or photovoltaic, with characteristics such as accessibility, distance from the grid, extent of the resource, and terrain. Resolution of the permitting process for the construction of the plant.
Slider item number
1
Construction
EPC contract for everything related to the design (engineering), procurement (procurement) and construction (construction) phase of a plant, as well as its maintenance and delivery.
Slider item number
2
Energy production and dispatch
Energy produced by our renewable plants and third-party plants under management is produced and dispatched with the support of the Energy Management division.
Dispatch involves sale to the open market or offtaking agreements with third parties.
Slider item number
3
Transmission and distribution
TSOs are responsible for the transmission of electricity over long distances, from the power plants that produce it, to transformer substations so that it reaches the end customer.
Slider item number
4
Monitoring production and consumption
A platform that maximises the productivity and quality of asset management through standardisation, digitisation and automation, with a view to improving the performance of a renewable plant through predictive analytics.
Slider item number
5
IMPORTANT NOTICE
Renantis S.p.A.
(
formerly Falck Renewables S.p.A.
) and the companies of the
Renantis Group
, in particular
Renantis Solutions s.r.l.
(f
ormerly Falck Next s.r.l.
) and
Energy Team S.p.A.
, mentioned on the site as indicated below,
do not own or host
the following website: https://www.renewables.team.
This site has nothing to do with the Renantis Group and no information contained in it originates from us or comes to us, e.g. by filling in the form in the contact section of the said site.
The contact details given on the site do not correspond to any of companies or employees of the Renantis Group.
Renantis S.p.A. has taken steps to report the incident to the competent authority and to give notice of it on the website and social media of Renantis S.p.A. and the Group’s companies, in order to prevent possible fraud or phishing.
We suggest that you exercise caution and urgently
report the matter to the relevant authority
if you believe you have been the victim of unlawful activity.
News
View all news
The natural next step – A new name for Renantis & Ventient Energy
25/03/2024
News
Read The natural next step – A new name for Renantis & Ventient Energy
Kailia floating offshore wind project: Environmental Impact Assessment submitted
14/03/2024
News
Read Kailia floating offshore wind project: Environmental Impact Assessment submitted
Renantis at KEY 2024
06/02/2024
News
Read Renantis at KEY 2024
Press releases
View all press releases
ARS TECH: The photovoltaic system built by Renantis for the Controguerra plant is now operational
18/04/2024
Press Releases
Read ARS TECH: The photovoltaic system built by Renantis for the Controguerra plant is now operational
Renantis and REDEN sign a Power Purchase Agreement
16/04/2024
Press Releases
Read Renantis and REDEN sign a Power Purchase Agreement
Renantis’ agrivoltaic project in Sicily reaches Commercial Operation
21/12/2023
Press Releases
Read Renantis’ agrivoltaic project in Sicily reaches Commercial Operation
Sustainability is not something that we do.
Sustainability
is our DNA.
Hosted on 100% renewable energy. Read about
our digital sustainability practices
.
Policies
Governance
Whistleblowing
Accessibility
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Key Pages and Settings
About us
Contact
Change privacy settings
Privacy settings history
Revoke consents
Visit our LinkedIn page
Visit our Instagram page
Visit our Youtube page
Visit our Twitter page
Renantis
© 2024 Renantis S.p.A – VAT Number : 03457730962 | Designed by
Wholegrain Digital