Homepage - EI Towers
Photogallery
Reserved Area
Contacts
Company
Overview & Mission
Group Structure & Key Facts
Management
History
Markets and Services
TV Broadcast
Radio Broadcast
Broadcast Services
Mobile & FWA
Internet of Things
Site Map
Site Map North Italy
Site Map Central Italy
Site Map South Italy
Governance
Corporate Bodies
Share capital & Shareholders structure
Bylaws
Code of Ethics
Anti-bribery Policy
231 & Whistleblowing
Financial Statements & Sustainability
Archive
News
Photogallery
Reserved Area
Contacts
https://www.eitowers.it/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/EITowersCorporateVideo2023-INTRO.mp4
EI Towers
Italy's leading tower company responsible for managing the infrastructure used to broadcast tv and radio transmissions.
Discover our world
broadcast tv & radio
EI Towers: Italy's leading tower company responsible for managing the infrastructure used to broadcast tv and radio transmissions.
telefonia mobile & fwa
Hosting services and end to end solutions for distributed wireless broadband infrastructure DAS & Small Cells.
broadcast services
Audio and video contribution services in Italy and worldwide.
internet of things
The IoT LPWA Sigfox network in Italy, that offers effective national coverage and provides efficent, reliable and simple management of the information.
Markets
TV Broadcast
EI TOWERS Group plays a leading role in the evolution of the digital terrestrial platform, offering network operators multiple integrated services delivered to the highest quality standards.
Radio Broadcast
Radio signals broadcast using analogue AM/FM or DAB technology to an increasingly mobile listener require a broad-based station distribution model that only a national tower operator like EI TOWERS can provide.
Mobile and FWA
EI TOWERS Group's main asset is its huge portfolio of stations, including not only strategically located broadcast towers for long-range transmissions, but also urban rooftops which are ideally suited to meeting the needs of telephone operators working with GSM, DCS, UMTS and LTE technology.
Internet of Things
EIT Smart was established as a company to develop the Sigfox network in Italy and to sell connectivity services on a subscription basis for the country's IoT market. In addition to the major effort to implement its network in Italy.
News
News
3 May 2024
EI Towers, EIT Smart and convergence: an innovative solution
In 2015, EI Towers decided to install a cutting edge and unique network infrastructure, exclusively dedicated to IoT.
News
15 April 2024
EI Towers, leading company for television broadcasting in Italy
EI Towers offers services in the TV broadcasting sector, and has distinguished itself with the creation of the Lega Serie A International Broadcast Center.
Press Release
Nothing found.
Contracts and economic conditions for national DVB-T broadcasters
As provided by the Italian Anti-Trust Authority (Autorita’ Garante della Concorrenza e del Mercato) under Resolution C12245 – F2I S.G.R./PERSIDERA no. 27984 dated November 14th 2019, EI Towers publicly discloses standard contract and economic conditions for national DVB-T broadcasters. EI Towers within the terms and conditions of the antitrust Resolution is also amenable to entering into negotiations with all customers in order to identify contractual terms and conditions that can lead to a reciprocal and increasingly greater working relationship.
Read more
The leading independent tower company
EI Towers S.p.A. Contacts
Corporate
:
Via Zanella, 21
20851 – Lissone (MB)
Operation
:
Via Turati, 7
20851 – Lissone (MB)
Regional Offices
Cod.fis. e reg. imp. Monza e Brianza: 12916980159.
VAT n.01055010969.
Contacts
commerciale-eit@eitowers.it
das.eitowers@legalmail.it
+39 039 24321
Linkedin
Copyright © 2023
EI Towers.
All rights reserved. |
Privacy Policy
|
Cookie Policy
EI Towers Cookie Banner
✕
This website uses technical and profiling cookies. Clicking on "Accept" authorises all profiling cookies. Clicking on "Refuse" or the X will refuse all profiling cookies. By clicking on "Customise" you can select which profiling cookies to activate. In addition, this site installs Google Analytics in version 4 (GA4) with anonymous data transmission via proxy. By giving your consent, the data will be sent anonymously, thus protecting your privacy.
Accept
Refuse
Customize
Manage consent
✕
Close
Privacy Setting
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website.
My Agile Pixel - Google Analytics
Always Enabled
Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google Ireland Limited ("Google"). Google Ireland Limited is owned by Google LLC USA. Google uses the Personal Data collected to track and examine the use of this website, compile reports on its activities, and share them with other services developed by Google.
For greater compliance with GDPR regarding the transfer of data outside the EU, it is advisable to transfer data only in an anonymous form. Sole anonymization is not optimal as it provides lesser protection for the exported personal data outside the EU. For this reason, data transferred to GA, which may also be visible outside the EU, will be anonymized through a proxy system called "
My Agile Pixel
." This system will replace your personal data, such as your IP address, with anonymous data that cannot be traced back to you. In this case, if data were to be transferred outside the EU or to the USA, it would not be your personal data but rather data rendered anonymous and not attributable to you.
Personal Data collected: None
Google Maps widget (Google Inc.)
Google Maps widget (Google Inc.)
Google Maps is a maps visualization service provided by Google Ireland Limited. This service is used to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal data that are processed: Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing: Ireland –
Privacy Policy
.
Gravatar
Gravatar
Gravatar is an image visualisation service provided by Automattic Inc. that allows this Website to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
.