Home | Bracco
Skip to main content
Change location
You are currently on the Global (English) website
My country is not on the list
Global
Bracco.com (English)
Bracco.com (Italiano)
Asia
China (中文)
Japan (日本語)
South Korea (한국어)
Americas
Brazil (Português)
Canada (English)
Mexico (English)
Canada (Français)
USA (English)
Europe
Austria (English)
Belgium (English)
Czech Republic (English)
Denmark (English)
Finland (English)
France (Français)
Germany (Deutsch)
Iceland (English)
Italy (Italiano)
Luxembourg (English)
Norway (English)
Poland (English)
Slovakia (English)
Sweden (English)
Switzerland (English)
The Netherlands (English)
UK (English)
Careers
Media and News
Get in Touch
Global (English)
Home
We are Bracco
We are Bracco
Welcome to a World of contrasts
Our businesses
Purpose and values
Our history
Responsibility and Ethical conduct
Our Portfolio
Our Portfolio
Proven offerings for a proven difference
X-ray/CT
Visit our X-ray/CT area to learn about our services and solutions.
MRI
Visit our MRI area to learn about our services and solutions.
Ultrasound
Visit our Ultrasound area to learn about our services and solutions.
Nuclear medicine
Visit our Nuclear medicine area to learn about our services and solutions.
Interventional cardiology
Visit our Interventional cardiology and cath lab area to learn about our services and solutions.
Digital solutions
Oncology
Cardiology
Innovation
Innovation
A deep dive into our R&D progress
Digital future
R&D
The Bracco sites
Scientific heritage and patents
Knowledge
Knowledge
Current activities and future opportunities
Partnerships in education
Events
E-learning
Sustainability
Sustainability
Our game plan and goals for a better world
Our sustainability pillars
Governance and transparency
Sustainability report 2022
Diversity&Inclusion Policy
Our Stories
Bracco Japan kicks off
for a direct presence
in the Japanese market
Read more
The European Commission granted Marketing Authorisation
for Vueway® (gadopiclenol)
Read more
Bracco & ulrich medical:
a partnership for
Syringeless MR Injectors
Read more
EuSoMII/Bracco AI Contest
AI: Connecting the dots
Read more
Bracco Imaging
has won the Gold Medal
from EcoVadis
Read more
Bracco 2022
Sustainability Report
Discover our ESG commitment here
‘
Re.Viva
’
for the circular
healthcare economy
Read more
Bracco becomes
a Historical Trademark
of National Interest
Read more
Since the kick-off in 1927, Bracco has grown to become a leading authority in improving people’s lives by shaping the future of prevention and precision imaging. The commitment to be at the forefront of development will be maintained and enforced through continuous investment in research and innovation.
Under the skin of
Bracco
As a leading family-owned player in the field of Diagnostic Imaging, Bracco is focused on contrast imaging and works deliberately to provide the healthcare industry with advanced imaging solutions made to meet the challenges of modern medicine and contribute to successful clinical outcomes.
These evolving challenges drive us to perfect new tools, engineer innovative medical devices, and continue the advancement, as the progress of medical science never sleeps. Bracco's sights are fixed firmly on the future and our role in reimagining that future.
The purpose of
Our journey is people
At Bracco, the purpose of our journey starts and ends with people; the individuals, and the teams who come together to further evolve the future of imaging. We begin with the simple notion of combining people, knowledge, technology, investment, research, and compassion to improve the lives of others.
With people at the core of our journey, Bracco is focused on the development, manufacture, and marketing of contrast agents, medical devices, and more advanced solutions to improve the diagnostic imaging journey of professionals and the public. By better equipping clinical specialists with the latest developments in diagnostics, the lives of countless millions are enhanced and supported daily. As medical and healthcare technology continues to evolve, Bracco stands at the forefront of advancing the treatment of existing conditions and uncovering solutions to problems that have yet to be imagined.
Discover Bracco
Choose a topic to explore
Cardiology
Gadopiclenol
Digitalisation
Global community
Innovation
Sustainability
Page
Interventional cardiology
Page
Our solutions in cardiology
External page
ACIST Medical Systems: A Bracco company
Article
Impact of AI in Diagnostic Imaging
Page
Our digital solutions
Page
Bracco and the digital future
Page
Research and development at Bracco
Page
Our partnerships in education
Page
An overview of our businesses
Article
Gadopiclenol: Another milestone achieved
Podcast
Podcast: The sustainable way
Page
Bracco's approach to responsibility
Report
Our recent sustainability report
page
The information hub on Gadopiclenol news
A matter of fact
Bracco at a glance
~
3,700
employees
€
1.7
billion
in total annual revenue
10
%
of turnover is reinvested in R&D
+
2,500
active patents
10
research centers
across the world
It's a journey
Let's take it together
From the founders of the company to the minds who generate ground-breaking healthcare solutions, people are at the heart of every step we take. We are proud of what we do, how we do it, and the people we journey with.
We engage deeply with our teams, partners, customers, and the global community we belong to. We actively reach out to all our stakeholders and encourage their feedback and their input. We don't have all the answers, but together we can find them.
The sum of multiple parts
In the same way that it takes many players and many skills to make up a team, Bracco uses every asset available to make sure that we remain an example to follow in everything we do.
We have gathered the vast knowledge of the world's leading scientific and engineering problem solvers and wrapped it in a package of innovation and sustainability to serve the health and well-being needs of both local and global communities.
Knowledge
We support and promote knowledge
In addition to our role as a provider of training programs, we maintain constant links with the local and global scientific community through partnerships, training, and inter-institutional events.
Learn more
Sustainability
We value people, innovation, and planet
Our aim is not just health, but the well-being of all. Through continuous research, we ensure state-of-the-art products and sustainable processes.
Learn more
Innovation
We do research because life must progress
We drive scientific progress with the aim of facilitating and improving precision in diagnosis and therapeutic treatment.
Learn more
Change the world
Your career
with Bracco
There are jobs, there are careers, and there are opportunities that can make a positive impact around the world. At Bracco, we can offer you the latter.
As part of a team of more than 3,700 people worldwide, you have the chance to change the lives of millions. You have the chance to be an integral part of the evolution of medical history. You have the chance to use the skills you have and to grow the skills you need. And most importantly, you have the chance to make a real difference.
Start your future Bracco experience here.
Current vacancies
We're waiting for your questions
Want to get in touch with us?
Access contact form
Home
The Bracco Group is an international group of highly specialized companies.
We are an active part of the healthcare sector, and a global leader in diagnostic imaging.
We are Bracco
Our Portfolio
Innovation
Knowledge
Sustainability
Our Stories
Pharmacovigilance
Data Protection
Connect with us
Via Egidio Folli 50
20134 Milan, Italy
Phone + 39 02 2177.1
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Imprint
for Bracco VPN users
Bracco Copyright © 2024  |  Registered office: Via E. Folli, 50, 20134 Milano, Italy  |  Share Capital € 104.000.000 f.p.  |  VAT Milan Comp. Reg. n. 00825120157  |  Milan REA n. 348182