MEKTECH ALLIANCE Integrated Systems and Automation
Skip to content
Main Menu
Group
Division
Sustainability
Support
Contact
Request a Quote
What Can We Do
We are worldwide with our products and services
Who We Are
Three Companies with the same Objective
How We Work
a Single and Global Vision to tackle the Market
Previous
Next
who we are
MEKTECH is an Alliance of Three Companies with the same Objective
GLOBAL ALLIANCE FOR INDUSTRY APPLIANCES BY
what can we do
the same Product what you Thinking we can Do
Laundry
Refrigeration
Dishwhashing
Cooking
Dies
Automation
where we are
We are italian companies worldwide market oriented
Would you like to start a project with us?
Send us The message with your business contacts and all the relevant details, for more information about an idea or starting project.t
GET MORE INFO
From idea definition to project completion:  THE POWER OF IDEAS !
Group
Division
Sustainability
Support
4/6 via Gianfranco Miglio 20833 GIUSSANO (MB)
write an e-mail
+39 0362 1400900
Copyright © 2024
MEKTECH ALLIANCE Integrated Systems and Automation
| Design & Powered by
Symbol
Manage Cookie Consent
To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
Functional
Functional
Always active
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
Preferences
Preferences
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
Statistics
Statistics
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
Marketing
Marketing
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
{title}
{title}
{title}
Manage consent