About us
Menu
Home
About us
Catalogue 2019-2021
Contact us
Arteca
Since 1982
Working with passion, bringing resources and know-how into play, developing sustainable production practices, improving continuously.
A company of the Giovanardi group, today Arteca is a leader in the Italian market and an important reference on the international scene thanks to its ability to offer complete products and solutions for the transport, nautical, sun protection, leisure and advertisings sectors.
High-resistance products for the construction of fasteners and covers; accessories used for the production of side panels for pavilions, tarpaulins for the field of transport, and more generally in all the applications where security, strength and immediacy are needed.
Tools designed for professionals in outdoor living and for manufacturers of sun protection systems; a variety of solutions for tensioning, decoration and anchoring structures.
A line of products particularly suitable in the sun protection and nautical fields, such as side panels, pavilions and blinds for verandas, awnings for boats, high-tech solutions for the maximum limit use, where the unique characteristics of resistance and of air and water impermeability are needed.
Complete systems for the production of sliding or wind-up locks in the industrial, agricultural, and civil fields, particularly suited to separate or isolate environments while at the same time allowing immediate access.
Ratchets, hooks, slings and belts, a range of products created and tailored specifically for the actual needs required by the industry.
High-safety products for specific and critical uses and for the construction of biogas facilities.
Large structures, warehouses, industrial doors and agricultural purposes require appropriate products, quality and high mechanical resistance in order to guarantee complete safety.
This line includes rails and accessories suitably designed to realize sliding systems with light-weight doors in materials such as wood, aluminium, PVC and cristal. Steel rails, and carts available in galvanized steel, stainless steel and nylon for a smooth and silent sliding.
About us
About us
Contact us
Newsletter
Iscriviti alla nostra newsletter per ricevere tutti gli aggiornamenti sui nostri prodotti.
I dati saranno gestiti secondo quanto specificato
qui
.
Contatti
ARTECA S.p.A.
Via M. Bellisario, 1
20825 Barlassina (MB)
T. 0362 523527
F. 0362 551487
© 2015 Arteca spa  |  P. IVA 00833430960
Back to Top
Utilizziamo i cookie per essere sicuri che tu possa avere la migliore esperienza sul nostro sito. Se continui ad utilizzare questo sito noi assumiamo che tu ne sia felice.
Ok
Maggiori informazioni