Heraeus Group
EN
Search
Menu
Heraeus.
Technology delivered. All around the world.
The Heraeus Group is a broadly diversified and globally leading family-owned technology company, headquartered in Hanau, Germany. Your competitive advantage is our priority. In all our businesses our people combine material expertise with technological know-how. With this professional knowledge, we look into your processes, challenges and markets and develop high quality solutions that strengthen your competitiveness in the long term.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video.
"On the way to the company's 400th anniversary, we are constantly working to make the company fit for the future. Curiosity, enthusiasm, new creative ideas and the courage to try these out is the basis for this. Fit for the future means that you are never finished, but always in the middle of it."
Jan Rinnert, CEO and Chairman of the Board of Managing Directors of Heraeus Group
News and Stories
News and Stories
At Heraeus, new ideas, fresh minds, and collaborative partnerships give rise to innovations that serve society.
Find out about the latest News and Stories from the Heraeus Group. You will get some insights of the company with innovation articles, press releases or people stories.
02/27/2024
Heraeus and City of Hanau Sign Lease Agreement for Photovoltaic Facility
Press release
AI as a packing specialist: a hot topic at Heraeus Comvance
Artificial intelligence (AI) can demonstrate its capabilities as an "all-knowing genius" as in ChatGPT, but also in very specific applications. As one of the industrial pioneers, Heraeus is already taking advantage of both. After the first two parts of this series focused on the Heraeus AI Assistant and AI systems for defect detection in quartz glass, this time the focus is on the hot contents of a quartz glass kiln.
Generated with Midjourney; Adobe Firefly
A diversified family business with enthusiasm for technology
Today, Heraeus bundles diverse businesses in the Business Platforms
Metals and Recycling
,
Healthcare
,
Semiconductor and Electronics
, and
Industrials
. Customers benefit from innovative technologies and solutions based on broad materials expertise and technology leadership.
We are systematically developing our
operating businesses
and strengthening them in a targeted way. The focus here is on the competitiveness of the individual business and the balance within our portfolio.
Operating Companies of the Heraeus Group
Heraeus worldwide
The Heraeus Group is a broadly diversified and globally leading family-owned technology company, headquartered in Hanau, Germany.
Learn more about the Heraeus locations around the globe
More about Heraeus
Corporate Responsibility
At Heraeus, we value responsible conduct highly, and it contributes to our long-term success. Learn more about compliance, human rights and sustainability in the Heraeus Group.
Facts and Figures
With approximately 17,200 employees in 40 countries, Heraeus is one of the top 10 family-owned companies in Germany and holds a leading position in its global markets.
Corporate History
The company’s roots go back to a family pharmacy started in 1660.
About Heraeus Group
Heraeus Businesses
Facts and Figures
Corporate Responsibility
Careers
Press and Media
News and Stories
Media Contacts
Services
Compliance Hotline
Supplier and Partner
Return and Delivery information
Former products
Contact
Follow us
LinkedIn
YouTube
Terms and Conditions
Scam and Fraud
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Imprint
Cookie information
© 2024 Heraeus Group