Sustainable, AI & Cloud Business Services | Avanade
Industries
Services
Insights
Careers
About
Industries
Services
Insights
Careers
About
Contact Us
Global - English
The world’s leading Microsoft expert
Avanade is the world’s most experienced innovator on the Microsoft platform, bringing our consultancy, experiences and expertise to help our clients do what matters.
Let's get in touch
Avanade X is the leading digital creative consultancy that specializes in Microsoft
We’re expanding our services to new regions, helping clients create innovative workplace and customer experiences to scale their businesses.
Find out more
Up Next
Unlock sustainable growth with Avanade X
Client success is at the heart of everything we do
To navigate continual change, organizations partner with Avanade to maximize their Microsoft technology investment while becoming more efficient, resilient and positioned to thrive. We bring our full capabilities—including advisory, experiences and technology—to accelerate our clients’ business goals, whether they’re looking to optimize their journey in the cloud, create a compelling customer experience, or tap into the power of generative AI.
PageGroup revolutionized its hiring system with generative AI making the hiring process faster.
Read more
What matters to Avanade is creating a compelling, client-centric digital experience
Read more
What matters to Anglian Water is delivering clean water.
Read more
SSE Renewables uses AI advancements to drive environmental sustainability.
Read more
Our breadth of services
Avanade brings the full depth and breadth of our expertise, capabilities and Microsoft technologies to every client, every time.
Explore our range of offerings
Our industry impact
At Avanade, our unrivaled expertise and real-world experience ensure that clients stay at the forefront of their industries, no matter what challenges come their way.
Discover our industry expertise
Reimagine the future
Copilot is here: are you ready?
Learn More
Your route to AI Readiness
Learn More
Building a more sustainable future
Learn More
We’re making a genuine human impact
Our vision
Advance the world through the power of people and Microsoft
It’s a bold vision that Avanade is uniquely positioned to achieve together with our clients and partners. By combining the deep expertise of our talent, our privileged access to the Microsoft ecosystem, and our purpose of making a genuine human impact, we advance the world through technology and create great experiences.
Learn more about us
18
x
Winner of Microsoft Global SI Partner of the Year
With 28 total partner wins in 2023
60,000
Employees
With women comprising 43% of all new hires
60,000
Microsoft certifications
More than any other Microsoft partner
5,000
Global clients since inception
In 26 countries across all industries
Together we do what matters
Why work for Avanade?
As the world’s most experienced Microsoft partner, we’re recognized as a workplace that puts people first, delivers distinctive experiences and encourages limitless learning and ambitious growth.
Explore opportunities at Avanade
Making what matters starts here
Tell us more about your challenge or need and we will connect you to the right Avanade expert to help you.
Close
How can we help?
Press Contacts
North America
NA-PR@avanade.com
Europe and Middle East (EME)
EME-PR@avanade.com
Growth Markets
GM-PR@avanade.com
View our offices
Headquarters
North America
Global Headquarters
1191 Second Avenue
Suite 100
Seattle, WA 98101
+1 206 239 5600
+1 844 282 6233
Europe
30 Fenchurch Street
London
EC3M 3BD
Growth Markets
Singapore Headquarters
Avanade Asia Pte Ltd
250 North Bridge Road
#30-03 Raffles City Tower
Singapore 179101
Do what matters
Industries
Services
Insights
Careers
About
Events
Media Center
Press Releases
Avanade Trust Center
Vulnerability Disclosure
Locations
Privacy Statement
Cookie Policy
Terms of Use
Do Not Sell My Personal Info - CA Residents
Accessibility Statement
Code of Business Ethics
© 2024 Avanade Inc.
All Rights Reserved.