About us - Fine Food Group
Skip to content
Fine Food Group
Fusion, Mexican, American and Tex-Mex cuisine for catering
Cerca
:
Search
Log in
Sign in
Download
Our app
Search:
Search
Products
Blog
Recipes
Contacts
Agents area
Home
»
About us
< Go back
About us
Fine Food Group turned 20 years old in 2017
20 years ago, a group of young businessmen gave birth to the F.V.F. Ltd. Company, with the aim to meet the needs of food services professionals and ultimately to deliver a unique food experience to the customers.
Following the big European companies who introduced new gastronomic trends, F.V.F. specializes in importing and delivering food products for Mexican, American and Tex-Mex cuisine.
Fabrizio Fasulo Holthausen and Stefano Sgarella, Fine Food Group’s founding members
Since 1997 the company supplies major restaurant chains as well as small local outlets; now, with its operational offices in Milan and Rome and numerous warehouses strategically positioned, F.V.F. can serve and support the whole nation with identical energy, passion and qualitative standards as always.
F.V.F. has always been the Fine Food Group trademark holder and from 2012 also owns CICCIO BURGER trademark, an exclusive, original brand for an innovative line of burgers. CICCIO BURGER is proof of our constant attention to update our catalogue with innovative products and to follow gastronomic trends globally.
Since july 2016 the trade name F.V.F. srl as became FINE FOOD GROUP S.p.A. all others details remain unchanged.
20 years of FFG
Summer Open Day 2018
[instagram-feed]
[yourchannel user=”Fine Food Group spa”]
FINE FOOD GROUP
©2023 Fine Food Group
Chi Siamo
Mission di Fine Food Group
Qualità
Dati aziendali
Partner
Codice etico
Area agenti
Follow us on
ISO 9001 Certifications
My Agile Privacy
✕
This website uses technical and profiling cookies. Clicking on "Accept" authorises all profiling cookies. Clicking on "Refuse" or the X will refuse all profiling cookies. By clicking on "Customise" you can select which profiling cookies to activate.
Accept
Refuse
Customize
Manage consent
Warning: some page functionalities could not work due to your privacy choices
✕
Close
Privacy Setting
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website.
View the Cookie Policy
Google Tag Manager (Google Inc.)
Always Enabled
Google Tag Manager is a tag management service provided by Google Ireland Limited.
Personal Information processed: Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing: Ireland –
Privacy Policy
.
LinkedIn Insight Tag
LinkedIn Insight Tag
LinkedIn conversion tracking (LinkedIn Insight Tag) is an analytics and behavioural targeting service provided by LinkedIn Corporation that connects data from the LinkedIn advertising network with actions performed on this Website.
Personal Data processed: device information; Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Gravatar
Gravatar
Gravatar is an image visualisation service provided by Automattic Inc. that allows this Website to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Google Maps widget (Google Inc.)
Google Maps widget (Google Inc.)
Google Maps is a maps visualization service provided by Google Ireland Limited. This service is used to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal data that are processed: Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing: Ireland –
Privacy Policy
.
Google Fonts (Google Inc.)
Google Fonts (Google Inc.)
Google Fonts is a service used to display font styles operated by Google Ireland Limited and serves to integrate such content into its pages.
Personal Information processed: Usage Data; Tracker
Place of processing: Ireland –
Privacy Policy
.