01 - Co.ge.fin | Cogefinspa
top of page
01 - Co.ge.fin
Who we are
Philosophy and vision
Research & development
02 - Our Companies
03 - News
04 - Contacts
More
Use tab to navigate through the menu items.
Co.ge.fin.
GRUPPO COLOMBO
"We have always liked doing something new, tackling different situations to improve them, exploring new markets by taking small steps."
It is with this attitude that Co.ge.fin. financial holding company founded by Felice Colombo and his brothers Angelo and Carlo, has built its industrial experience that today sees it successfully engaged in multiple sectors: controlling and associated interests in industrial, commercial and real estate activities.
Since 1957, the year the first activity was started, the Group has moved its steps according to a precise industrial vision that sees diversification as its successful business model.
From the galvanizing business, the heart of the Colombo family's entrepreneurship, Co.ge.fin. entered the zinc oxide production market in the mid-1980s, of which it became Italy's leading producer and the third in Europe.
As part of its expansion program in the mid-1990s, Co.ge.fin. acquired the Pontenossa plant, which deals with the recovery and treatment of steel mill dust for the production of Waelz oxide. With Pontenossa S.p.A., the Group is at the forefront of circular economy, processing most of the steel mill dust produced in Italy, recovering the zinc oxide to the production cycle and minimizing the inert material destined for landfill.
Company Profile
Since 2009, having acquired control of Ceta, Co.ge.fin. has been producing scaffolding for construction and grandstands, stages and seats for sports and entertainment.With the development of the green economy, Ceta enters the world of energy upgrading of buildings.
Since the late 1960s Co.ge.fin. has been operating with great success in the distribution of bathroom and plumbing fixtures and fittings. The five Smir- and AquaMoon-branded stores, warehouses and showrooms represent one of the most well-established businesses.
​
Finally, Co.ge.fin. is present in the sports sector with three golf clubs, a sports center with swimming pools, tennis, paddle and fitness club. In the real estate sector, the most prestigious initiative is the architectural recovery of the Borgo di Camuzzago, supervised with the cooperation of the Superintendence of Cultural Heritage.
Alongside to its core activities, over the years Co.ge.fin. has been involved in restructuring distressed companies and then selling them to leading players in their respective markets, the main examples being: Philco,
Plastiape and Giò Style.
Our Companies
Co.ge.fin. S.p.A | Via Adda, 44-46 20882 Bellusco (MB)
tel. +39 039 60679322 fax +39 039 6840826 |
amministrativo@cogefinspa.it
| P.IVA E C.F.03512020151
PRIVACY
bottom of page