Home | Volvo Group
We noticed that you are using a browser that is no longer supported by our system, to enjoy the full Volvo experience consider changing browser
x
Search
Our brands
Contact us
Our brands
Contact us
Sustainable Transportation
Sustainable Solutions
Renewable fuels
Hydrogen fuel cells and combustion engines
Battery electric
Collaborative Approach
The Mobility Transformation Forum
Innovation & Collaboration
Responsible Business
Careers
Students and graduates
Working at Volvo Group
Recruitment focus areas
Job openings
Investors
Financial Reports & Presentations
Truck Orders and Deliveries
Key Ratios
Financial Calendar
Contact Investor Relations
Subscribe for press releases
The Volvo Share
Share Price Calculator
Ownership Information
Analyst Coverage
Conversion of Shares
Dividend
Debt Information
Debt Programmes
Long-term committed facilities
Green financing
Financial Targets
Risks & Uncertainties
Corporate Governance
General Meeting of the Shareholders
Election Committee
Board of Directors
The Board’s work
The Board’s composition and attendance
CEO, Group Executive Board and Group Management
Remuneration
Independent auditors
News & Media
Suppliers
Purchasing within Volvo Group
Become a Volvo Group supply chain partner
How to become a supplier
Our Supplier Requirements
IMDS Reporting
Key Elements Procedures (KEP)
Supply Partner Code of Conduct
Useful Links & Documents for Existing Supply Chain Partners
Purchase to Pay Contact Center
Corporate Standards
EDI
Log in to Volvo Group Supplier Portal
Logistics Services Portal is merged into Volvo Group Supplier Portal
Contact us as Supply Chain Partners Volvo Group
Supplier events
About us
Contact us
Our Brands
Strategy
Heritage
Organization
Our values & whistleblowing
Products and services
Volvo Group Merchandise
Volvo Experience System
Welcome to Volvo Group
Over 104,000 employees. 13 brands. 190 markets. Production facilities in 18 countries.
Trucks, buses, construction equipment and marine and industrial engines.
Complete solutions for financing and service.
This is who we are.
#tecHER 2023 Digital Forum
Register now!
CEO comments on Q1, 2024
Job openings
Martin Lundstedt comments on the Q3 result
Products & services
Javascript jobs
Financial reports
Heritage
Job openings
World of Volvo - a meeting place for a better future
Don't miss the opportunity to explore one of Gothenburg's most iconic landmarks, a meeting place for events, concerts, dining, and of course, learning more about the Volvo Brand and it's extraordinary heritage.
Discover the World of Volvo!
#tecHER the digital community for women in tech
If you are a woman pursuing a career in the tech field you have chosen a career path facing a significant gender imbalance. It takes boldness to continue down your path. Now it’s time to help break down barriers and shatter the glass ceiling for yourself and for others.
Join the thousands of women who have signed up to the #tecHER community, and received the #tecHER newsletter, invites to events and other updates.
Learn more about #tecHER
Sign up for the #tecHER Newsletter
Join the thousands of women who have signed up for the #tecHER newsletter, dedicated to women starting their journey or already in tech careers, and explore your future career opportunities with us.
Latest news
View all press releases
Latest Press Release
Latest Press Release
Press release
2024-04-30
April 30, 2024
New number of votes in AB Volvo
The number of votes in AB Volvo has changed due to the conversion of a total of 100 Series A shares to a total of 100 Series B shares. The conversions were implemented with the support of the opportunity for Series A shareholders to request conversion of Series A shares to Series B shares which was entered in the Articles of Association at the 2011 Annual General Meeting.
Press release
2024-04-19
April 19, 2024
Sponsor-driven innovation: a people-centric approach
The innovation landscape is vast, and you can easily get lost in blockchain projects, virtual reality experiences and AI platforms. Choosing an innovation approach is an important part of your innovation strategy, it can guide you like a north star and makes it easier to stay on your innovation course. In this article we explain why we chose a human-centric approach at CampX.
Press release
2024-04-17
April 17, 2024
Volvo Group – the first quarter 2024
“During Q1 2024, demand continued to normalize at good levels across many of the Volvo Group’s markets. Adjusted for currency, net sales were on the same level as in Q1 2023 and amounted to SEK 131.2 billion. Invoiced price continued to increase, mainly on the back of carry-over from the price increases we gradually implemented last year. Adjusted operating income amounted to SEK 18.2 billion (18.6), which corresponds to a margin of 13.8% (14.0). Return on capital employed improved to 37.7% (30.3). We continue to prioritize quality in the business,” says Martin Lundstedt, President and CEO.
Press release
2024-04-11
April 11, 2024
Volvo Group to Increase North American Heavy Truck Production Capacity
The Volvo Group today announced that it will build a new heavy-duty truck manufacturing plant in Mexico to supplement the Group’s U.S. production. The plant will provide additional capacity to support the growth plans of both Volvo Trucks and Mack Trucks in the U.S. and Canadian markets, and support Mack truck sales in Mexico and Latin America.  The plant is expected to be operational in 2026.
Press release
2024-04-03
April 3, 2024
Invitation to the Volvo Group report on the first quarter 2024
The Volvo Group report for the first quarter 2024 will be published on April 17, at 7.20 a.m. CEST. There will be a conference call for press and analysts starting at 9.00 a.m. CEST.
Press release
2024-03-28
March 28, 2024
New number of votes in AB Volvo
The number of votes in AB Volvo has changed due to the conversion of a total of 1,490 Series A shares to a total of 1,490 Series B shares. The conversions were implemented with the support of the opportunity for Series A shareholders to request conversion of Series A shares to Series B shares which was entered in the Articles of Association at the 2011 Annual General Meeting.
View all press releases
I am looking for
Job openings
Financial Reports
Event Calendar
Image & Video Library
Press Information
Corporate Standards
Student Information
Volvo Group Whistle
Volvo Group Venture Capital
Startup and innovation hub
Follow us in Social Media
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
X
YouTube
Explore Volvo
Volvo Trucks
Volvo Penta
Volvo Energy
Volvo CE
Volvo Buses
Volvo Autonomous Solutions
Volvo Financial Services
SDLG
Rokbak
Renault Trucks
Prevost
Nova Bus
Mack Trucks
Eicher
Country websites
Australia (English)
Belgium (Nederlands)
Belgium (Français)
Brazil (Português)
China (中文)
France (Français)
Germany (Deutch)
India (English)
Mexico (Español)
Netherlands (Nederlands)
North America (English)
Peru (Español)
Poland (Polski)
Sweden (Svenska)
UK and Ireland (English)
Copyright AB Volvo  2024
Copyright AB Volvo
www.volvogroup.com
Contact us
Cookies
Privacy