Riva Acciaio
Cookies and related technologies on this site
The Riva Group websites use analytical and technical cookies to ensure the correct functioning of the procedures and to improve the user experience of the online applications. Cookies are short text fragments that allow the web server to store information on the user's device to be reused during the same visit to the site (session cookies) or later, even after a few days (persistent cookies). This information is processed so that the Riva Group operators can have an idea of the use of their websites and improve them according to the users' needs. 
View the full text of the cookie policy by clicking on the following
link
.
Refuse
Allow all
Customise authorisations
Technical cookies
Always on
These cookies are indispensable for the correct functioning of the Riva Group websites and are used to manage login and access to the site's reserved functions. The duration of the cookies is strictly limited to the work session (when the browser is closed they are deleted).
Analytical cookies
These are cookies used to collect and analyse traffic and usage of the site in an anonymous way. Although these cookies do not identify the user, they allow us, for example, to detect whether the same user returns to the site at different times. They also allow us to monitor the system and improve its performance and usability. These cookies can be deactivated without any loss of functionality.
Cancel
Confirm my choices
Jobs
Careers
Talents
EN
IT
DE
Instagram
Linkedin
WHO WE ARE
Riva Acciaio
Anniversary
History
Riva Group
Code of ethics
Work with us
Contacts
Legal note
PRODUCTION UNITS
Caronno Pertusella
Lesegno
Malegno
Cerveno
Sellero
PRODUCTS
Billets from continuous casting
Hot rolled billets
Hot rolled bars
Hot rolled round steel bars
Hot rolled square steel bars
Hot rolled flat steel bars
Special profiles
Laminated spring flat bars
Loader - Dozer - Grader
Peeled round steel bars
Round ground steel bars
Drawn bars
Drawn round steel bars
Drawn square steel bars
Drawn flat steel bars
Shaped beams and channels
Rolling rolls
CERTIFICATIONS
Caronno Pertusella
Lesegno
Malegno
Cerveno
Sellero
Milano
QUALITY AND SAFETY
Quality policy
Environmental policy
Occupational health and safety policy
Reach Policies
Radiometric detection
ROHS Directive
Riva Acciaio
Riva Acciaio is one of the major steel companies in Italy: founded in 1954 by Emilio Riva.
Product leadership
Riva Acciaio is specialised in the production of long products and quality steels – an area in which it has established strong leadership with over 60 years of experience.
Caronno Pertusella (VA)
This is the historical plant within Riva Acciaio, the factory where three-line curved-type continuous casting was first introduced: a disruptive technology in the steel industry.
Lesegno (CN)
This is the technological core of Riva Acciaio and this factory includes an R&D laboratory equipped with high-tech devices such as the “Gleeble 3800” thermal-mechanical simulator.
Valle Camonica (BS)
In Valle Camonica, an area with a long steel tradition where blacksmithing has been practised since prehistoric times, Riva Acciaio has operated three plants for several decades: in Malegno, Cerveno and Sellero.
Rolling cylinders
Thanks to a very good record in manufacturing and using rolling cylinders, cutting-edge plants and highly qualified technicians, Riva Acciaio is now among the leading European companies in the processing of cylinders for hot and cold rolling.
Rolling cylinders
Quality management
To fulfil its longstanding commitment to provide high-quality services and products, both in Italy and abroad, Riva Acciaio adopted a Quality Management System many years ago which is based on the UNI EN ISO 9001 and IATF 16949 standards.
Quality management
To fulfil its longstanding commitment to provide high-quality services and products, both in Italy and abroad, Riva Acciaio adopted a Quality Management System many years ago which is based on the UNI EN ISO 9001 and IATF 16949 standards.
Riva Group
Riva Group
Riva Group is the most important Italian steel manufacturer and is one of the major players in the European steel industry.
Utilities
Customers Area
Employees Area
Suppliers Area
Transport Suppliers Area
Policies e Social media
Privacy Information
Cookie Policy
Whistleblowing
Netiquette
Riva Group
www.rivastahl.com
www.rivaacier.com
www.rivaacciaio.com
www.thy-marcinelle.com
www.siderurgicasevillana.com
www.asiriva.com
Riva Acciaio S.p.A. - Viale Certosa 249, 20151 Milano, Italia | Tel: +39 02 30700 | Share Capital € 115.830.000,00 | N.I.N. and VAT 08521290158 | Company with sole shareholder subject to management and coordination by Riva Forni Elettrici S.p.A.
All rights reserved © Riva Forni Elettrici S.p.A. and affiliated