Smith+Nephew Medical Devices and Advanced Wound Care | Global
Customer Portal
News
Investors
Careers
Global
English
Login
Register
Search
Close
Healthcare Professionals
About Us
Contact
Smith+Nephew Academy
Explore on-demand, expert-led medical education, including structured e-learning for continual professional development, virtual events, webinars and resources
Explore
Products
Based on your specialty or patients’ needs, browse our products and solutions for key features and benefits, technique or application guidance and supporting clinical evidence
Explore
Procedures, Indications and Therapies
Find suitable information and solutions for a specific procedure, aetiology or indication, including treatment pathways or products, relevant patient information and related healthcare considerations
Explore
Who we are
We are a portfolio medical technology company focused on the repair, regeneration and replacement of soft and hard tissue.
Explore
Corporate Governance
We are committed to the highest standards of governance. Find out more about our Board and leadership team, policies and approach to risk management.
Explore
Sustainability
We believe that our purpose – to restore and promote health and wellbeing – applies to our products, and the wider health of the planet and society.
Explore
S+N Pulse
Stories from the heart of Smith+Nephew.
Explore
Our purpose
Life Unlimited
Smith+Nephew is a portfolio medical technology company focused on the repair, regeneration and replacement of soft and hard tissue. We exist to restore people's bodies and their self-belief by using technology to take the limits off living.
Play video
Product Categories
Explore key technologies and innovative solutions across our portfolio
Medical Education
Continue your professional development with the latest clinical data, expert discussions, online courses and more
Latest News
Stay up-to-date with our recent announcements
We design and manufacture technology that takes the limits off living. We support healthcare professionals to return their patients to health and mobility, helping them to perform at their fullest potential.
Compliance
Suppliers
Modern Slavery Act Statement
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies
Resources
Sitemap
The content on this website may not be approved for use in your specific region or country. Smith+Nephew is not responsible for any interactions or dealings you have via this website that do not comply with applicable laws and regulations in your jurisdiction. By continuing to use this website, you acknowledge and agree the terms of this notice.
◊
Trademark of Smith+Nephew. Product information is for educational purposes only, and not all products or indications are licensed in every country.
Title
Text
Explore
You have selected content intended for healthcare providers.
We inform you that you are about to access areas containing information aimed exclusively at healthcare professionals. By continuing to browse, the user declares that they wish to consult this information as a healthcare professional. Click on 'Yes I am a health care professional' to close this information and continue browsing or click 'No I am not a health care professional' to return to the homepage.
Yes, I am a healthcare professional
No, I am not a healthcare professional
Country selector
Region
Global
Africa
Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe
Global
Africa
Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe
Global (English)
South Africa (English)
U.S.A (English)
Australia (English)
New Zealand (English)
Japan (Japanese)
Belgium (English)
France (French)
Germany (German)
Italy (Italian)
Netherlands (Dutch)
Spain (Spanish)
United Kingdom, Ireland and Nordics (English)
Yes
No
Share
Copy this link
Copy link
Or share to these channels