Giovanardi | Displays, windows and packaging for retail
Solutions
Method
Performance
Innovation
Sustainability
What’s Next
Hundred years
Contacts
Hundred years
Alliance
Contacts
Ita
Eng
Fra
Listening
Understanding
Analysis
Sharing
Solution
Manifesto
History
Code of Ethics
KPI
Made in Italy
Certifications
Retail
Pos / Display / Window display
Art & Exhibitions
We have been shaping ideas for 100 years
We are a leading company in the design and production of retail spaces, displays and furniture systems for points of sale.
You have the idea, we make it a reality.
We shape ideas
Our work originates from inspiration, research and passion. For 100 years.
Work becomes culture.
DISCOVER THE 10x100 EVENT
The importance of people, expertise, processes.
To our customers, we offer shop fittings, displays, window installations, art…
A timely, complete and certified service, based on
five steps
.
1
Listening
2
Understanding
3
Analysis
4
Sharing
5
Results
Discover our method
Focus on
Fitting of the store with furnishing solutions that enhance the new concept of the brand.
Discover more
Some of our reference
Giovanardi S.p.A. has, as primary goal, the Customer satisfaction.
For this purpose, Giovanardi builds a close collaboration with the customer to acquire its universe of values and also undertakes in a constant technological research of process and product. This is accompanied by the irreplaceable manual skill and ability of its human resources, who with their experience and flexibility make every job special and effective. Everyday.
Giovanardi S.p.A. has always been able to identify and implement those investments and internal transformations that have allowed it to offer its customers a high capacity of proposal of product requirements.
For this and to ensure that Giovanardi S.p.A. can continue its growth path, the Management is committed to:
Knowing the needs and requirements of our customers through the care of direct communication with them;
Understanding how our market sector is developing and always being at the forefront;
Be the one who brings innovation to our market;
Activate a process of continuous improvement of the service rendered to the customer through constructive and continuous action by all Giovanardi S.p.A. collaborators;
Constantly remembering that our customers’ success runs parallel to ours;
Respect all legislative requirements applicable to company activities;
Carry out business activities in an ethical manner.
To get there, we are aware that we should:
Bring together in our corporate culture the principle of continuous improvement, applying it day after day;
Be convinced that our first and irreplaceable resource is people, with their skills and experiences; with the experience of the elderly and the enthusiasm of the younger ones, with their creativity and the desire to be a team;
Remember to have the potential necessary to fill some gaps that the market presents and try to impose ourselves as a point of reference for our customers;
To consider our Suppliers as partners, rather than mere suppliers of work performance and materials, in order to share with them (rather than impose) our needs and expectations, indeed the expectations of our Customers
The Management of Giovanardi S.p.A. believes that a responsible economic strategy, oriented to the environmental issues arising from its activities, is essential for the success of the business.
The General Management, on the basis of the information obtainable from the preliminary environmental analysis, establishes the priorities and general guidelines, taking into account the following elements:
The mission and core values of the company;
The commitment to continuous improvement;
Requests from interested parties;
The commitment to pollution prevention;
The coordination with the other policies of the organization
Compliance with legislative requirements and other standards that the company respects
Specific regional or local conditions
This environmental policy is relevant to all levels of the Giovanardi S.p.A. organization, and has been communicated and disseminated to the entire staff.
The document is also available to the public by the exposition at the entrance of the company and by means of paper or electronic dissemination.
The policy is subject to periodic review in order to keep the Environmental Management System valid and effective in face of changes either internal or external to the organization or to ensure the commitment to continuous improvement.
Giovanardi S.p.A. is committed to minimizing, where technically possible and economically bearable, any negative impact of its activities on the environment.
All collaborators are therefore called to contribute, operating in compliance with the duties and established procedures, so that the company can:
Operate in compliance with the applicable laws on environmental protection, keeping a standard that is always higher than the required parameters;
Keep the ISO 14001 Environmental Managing System active and effective;
Operate in compliance with the regulations on safety and the adequacy of the working environment, to prevent the risk of accidents;
Engage itself in the pursuit of environmental sustainability
Commit itself to the prevention and limitation of the environmental pollution, both for the activities carried out internally and for those entrusted externally
Investing in staff training in order to increase their expertise and provide awareness of the influence that the work of the individual has on significant environmental aspects and on the risks associated with the activity;
Rationalize the use of resources to avoid waste
Choose, when possible, technical solutions that reduce the negative environmental impact;
Continue to invest in plants and equipment to improve product quality and optimize production in order to contain costs and limit the risk of environmental events;
Minimize energy and water consumption and waste production, favoring its recycling where possible;
Manage waste from activities in order to create the lowest environmental impact and limit the risk of damage to the environment;
Define environmental goals and targets to be integrated with the operational management of the plants and company development programs;
Make sure that the environmental policy is understood, implemented and preserved at all levels of the organization and that the system is supported by periodic and systematic training and educational activities
Continuously monitor the effects of activities on the environment, including indirect ones;
Interact with suppliers that operate on site and with suppliers in general in order to have control over the potential impacts of their activities and their full compliance with applicable environmental legislation
Giovanardi S.p.A. undertakes to minimize the level of safety risk associated with its activities.
The Management of Giovanardi S.p.A. defines the commitment of the company in setting its policy for Safety and Health at Work in consideration of the activities carried out.
The main goal is to make the workplace as safe as possible. To pursue this purpose, Giovanardi S.p.A. undertakes to comply with current legislation, but also to prevent accidents and occupational diseases by continuously improving performance with a view to a greater risk reduction.
The Safety Management System seeks the prevention and the correction of dangerous situations, through the implementation of the analysis of the causes and possible solutions in case of even potentially dangerous events.
Giovanardi S.p.A. therefore, not only disseminates this policy to all workers, but also makes them aware through training and information on Occupational Health and Safety and provides them with all the necessary resources. The same policy is also communicated to all those who, although not workers of Giovanardi S.p.A., happen to share the company spaces or work in the name o on behalf of Giovanardi S.p.A.
If the above represents the main goal, Giovanardi S.p.A. defines a series of specific safety objectives, considering the actual dangers, the performance data that allow safety control, the needs of all the figures involved in the System, the resources available and those considered essential and, finally, the personal and spontaneous contribution of all those who deem it appropriate to report.
These objectives are periodically subjected to verification and measurement, as well as a review.
All collaborators are therefore called upon to make their contribution, operating with full awareness of the importance of their role, in compliance with the duties and established procedures, so that the company can:
Operate in compliance with applicable laws on health and safety at work, maintaining a standard that is always higher than the required parameters;
Keep the ISO 45001 Management System active and effective;
Operate in compliance with the regulations on safety and adequacy of the work environment, to prevent the risk of accidents;
Engage in risk prevention activities, both for the activities carried out internally and for those entrusted externally;
Invest in staff training and education in order to increase their expertise and provide awareness of the influence that the work of the individual has on the risks related to their own safety and that of others;
Choose, where possible, technical solutions that reduce the level of risk
Continue to invest in plants and equipment to improve product quality and optimize production in order to contain costs and limit the risk of accidents;
Define safety-related objectives and targets, to be integrated with the operational management of the plants and company development programs;
Ensure that the workplace health and safety policy is understood, implemented and preserved at all levels of the organization and that the system is supported by periodic and systematic training and educational activities;
Always keep the security risk assessment up to date;
Interact with suppliers who operate on site and with suppliers in general in order to have control over their real level of application of safety management procedures and their full compliance with applicable legislation on workplace safety
Artytude to display
Who we are
Innovation
Performance
Sustainability
Alliance
What’s Next
Method
Listening
Understanding
Analysis
Sharing
Solution
Solutions
Retail / Window Display
Pos / Display
Art & Exhibition
SOCIAL
Instagram
Linkedin
Giovanardi Spa
Via Federico Ozanam, 35
20863 Concorezzo (MB) Italie
039.6040961
info@giovanardispa.it
Our certificates: Quality (ISO 9001), Environment (ISO 14001), Safety (ISO 45001), EcoVadis Gold Certification
Quality policy
Environmental policy
Health and safety policy
Trib. Milano Rag. Soc. n° 139469 – C.C.I.A.A. Milano 518473 – M.MI 085791 – C.F. e P.I.00802870154 – Cap. Soc. I.V. € 1.000.000,00
Privacy Policy
–
Cookie Policy