START S.r.l. | Produzione sistemi di comando meccanici ed elettronici
Homepage
Company
Design and production
Products
Quality control
Consulting and technical assistance
Fields of application
News
Contact
Quotation request
Select Page
PRODUCTION OF MECHANICAL AND ELECTRONIC CONTROL SYSTEMS
Our products
;
Company
Start: to regulate and control machinery, equipment and systems
Start was founded in 1979, fruit of the passion that its founder, Giovanni Rossi, has always felt for making controls and mechanical transmissions. Ever since it was founded, the company has constantly developed its skills and extended its offer, backed up by important investments and innovative production processes.
Read more about us
Design and production
The professionalism of the technical department and an accurate selection of raw materials: these are the conditions that Start relies on.
Products
The qualified adjustment and operating controls realised by Start are mechanical and electronic, completed with the corresponding transmission cables. Start products pursue the goal of enhancing the performance and the aesthetics of the machines on which they are installed, in compliance with the international regulations in force: this is why they are appreciated all over the world.
Quality control
We offer the absolute certainty of supplying our customers with impeccable products.
Consulting and technical assistance
Our company offers a qualified consulting service able to guarantee the highest performance at the best costs.
Fields of application
The wide range of Start solutions satisfies the demands of customers operating in different industrial sectors.
START IN FORMULA ONE
September 2019
Since its inception, Formula One has established itself as the ultimate performance expression in the automotive industry. For a long time and ever more today, the various teams are real research and development laboratories, in which new technologies are conceived,...
read more
7th June 1979 – 7th June 2019: 40 years of acknowledgements, to improve ourselves.
June 2019
Over the years, work experience has been growing steadily, developing in every direction. We have continuously elaborated the acquired store of knowledge to improve ourselves and satisfy our customers. In return, we obtained appreciation and loyalty. Thanks to all of...
read more
Start: a qualifying production enhancement
April 2019
The molding of all the thermoplastic components has always been realized in-house with automatic robotic machines and systems. With the beginning of the current year, we have strenghtened the production, installing a new fleet of state-of-the-art injection molding...
read more
SM 180: engine start with removable key
November 2018
A new device, studied and produced for the start of endothermic engines with electric starting. A control designed to be practical in its use and totally safe, thanks to the removable key that avoids accidental or made by third-parties ignition. This new solution will...
read more
START S.R.L.
Via A.Volta, 16 48022 Lugo (RA) - Italia
EU VAT IT00888300399 | SDI 5RUO82D
PEC
[email protected]
Ph. +39 0545 23306 | Fax +39 0545 32671
Useful links
Contacts
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
© 2018 Start Italia S.r.l. – Developed by
SED Web