GenertecItalia – China & Italy Consulting, Investments and Trading
Home
Who we are
What We Do?
Counsulting
Distribution
Products
Contacts
✕
WHAT WE DO?
Import, Export
& Solutions from China
GENERTEC Italia
What We Do
CONSULTING
We offer highly specialized consulting services tailored to meet your specific needs. With our extensive network of relations and deep understanding of the Chinese market, we are committed to providing comprehensive solutions that drive your business growth and ensure success in your ventures.
VISIT CONSULTING
DISTRIBUTION
We are a leading importer and wholesaler of cutting-edge technology, services, and integrated solutions for energy efficiency and renewable energies in the Italian and European markets. Our commitment to sustainability and innovation drives us to provide exceptional products and services that contribute to a greener future.
VISIT DISTRIBUTION
PRODUCTS
We are proud to offer a wide range of products in the field of sustainable energy and innovative technologies.
VIEW PRODUCTS
Who we are
We are the first commercial company of the Chinese Government founded on the Italian territory.
Through our extensive network of contacts and consolidated experience, we facilitate the transfer of know-how, technology collaboration and the growth of bilateral trade.
We offer significant advantages both to Italian companies wishing to expand into the Chinese market and to Chinese companies looking for opportunities in Italy and Europe. With our commitment to excellence and dedication to creating value for our customers, Genertec Italia S.r.l. it is the ideal choice for all companies wishing to take advantage of the opportunities offered by the dynamic Chinese market and promote sustainable growth in the energy and innovative technologies sector.
WHO WE ARE.
OUR MISSION
Our mission is to facilitate and enhance collaboration between Italy and China, enabling mutual economic and industrial growth. Genertec Italia S.r.l. it is at the center of commercial relations between the two countries, facilitating the exchange of technologies, services and innovative solutions with a particular focus on the renewable energies and energy efficiency sectors.
CONTACT US
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Genertec Italia
Piazza Sigmund Freud n.1
20154 Milano
Tel +39.028392270
Fax +39.0289409344
Mail info@genertecitalia.it
Genertec Cina
Genertec Center
No.1 (B) Xiying Avenue,
Fengtai District
Beijing 100073, China
Genertec ©2024. Website by
L'ortografico
Questo sito web utilizza i cookie per migliorare la tua esperienza. Utilizzando questo sito web accetti la nostra
Cookies Policy
e
Privacy Policy
.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. By using this website you agree to our
Cookies Policy
and
Privacy Policy
.
Accetta tutto / Accept all