About us | 2i Rete Gas
Group
History and corporate structure
Business management
Geographical presence
Mission and values
Business ethics and anti-corruption
Quality, safety and environment
management
Service safety and continuity
Headquarters
Work with us
Sustainability
Stakeholders
Materiality analysis
Commitments and tools
Reporting
Investor Relations
Financial statements and reports
Press releases
EMTN Programme
Non financial disclosures
Resellers
Description of distribution plants
Clients
Gas emergency service
End Clients Portal
Complaints, reports or requests for info
Suppliers
A
A
A
About us
Headquarters
Where we operate
Organization and Management Model
Code of Ethics
Certifications
Work with us
2i Rete Gas
|
			About us
About us
2i Rete Gas deals with the distribution of natural gas for civil and industrial uses. The Group is one of the main operators in the sector and overall manages a total of 2,200 concessions and over 69 thousand kilometres of network, used to distribute natural and LPG gas to 4.5 million end users served by the network.
Our business is the result of an acquisition process that, over time, has enabled the integration and consolidation of a number of industry operators and, consequently, guarantees the constant improvement of service quality, compliance with the best safety standards, a high degree of technological innovation and cost-effective management. In this regard, we are proud to mention the acquisition and subsequent incorporation of the Enel distributions networks, those of the German group E.ON, the French group Engie, and in 2018, the Spanish group Gas Natural Fenosa, a transaction that led to the inclusion of 2i Rete Gas Impianti S.p.A. (formerly Nedgia S.p.A.) in the scope of 2i Rete Gas S.p.A., through which the Group strengthened its presence in central and southern Italy. The integration of 2i Rete Gas Impianti S.p.A. by the Group concluded with the merger by incorporation into the parent company 2i Rete Gas S.p.A. on 1 October 2019. Moreover, on 30 April 2020, 2i Rete Gas S.p.A. also completed the acquisition, from BN Investimenti S.p.A. of Montelungo Gas S.r.l., Maierà Gas S.r.l. and Cometam Gas S.r.l merged by incorporation on 1 October 2020 into the parent company and only shareholder 2i Rete Gas S.p.A., and on 15 September 2020 2i Rete Gas S.p.A. acquired 100% of the share capital in Powergas Distribuzione S.p.A., merged by incorporation on 1 January 2021 into the parent company and only shareholder 2i Rete Gas S.p.A..
Lately on 30 April 2021 2i Rete Gas S.p.A. acquired 100% of the share capital in Infrastrutture Distribuzione Gas S.p.A. from Edison S.p.A.. Infrastrutture Distribuzione Gas S.p.A. operates in the gas distribution system managing 62 concessions, about 152 thousand redelivery points and 2.700 kilometres of network.
What we do
We operate in the distribution of natural gas and take care of network management, including installation and maintenance.
We carry out the following distribution services:
transmission on local networks and measurement of volumes received and redelivered;
ordinary and extraordinary maintenance, plant upgrading;
commercial and contractual operations for the transport of gas to sales companies;
emergency services;
physical and commercial balancing (reconciliation of volumes of gas received and delivered and the related economic costs);
technical services for customers;
safety assessments for the systems of end customers;
energy savings.
The sale of gas to end customers is not included in the concession entrusted to the distributor. These activities are carried out by the sales companies that enter into contracts with end customers, which also meet any needs concerning their supply and issue invoices for consumption.
RSS
Send
Bookmark
Print
©
2i Rete Gas SpA
Partita IVA: 06724610966
Group
Sustainability
Investor Relations
Resellers
Clients
suppliers
© 2i Rete Gas SpA | All rights reserved
Legal information
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Credits