Products Worth Protecting Deserve Pregis | Home
React Root Component
Contact Us
About Us
About Pregis
Pregis Purpose
Sustainability & CSR
Sustainable Packaging
2K30 Goals
ESG Report
Giving Back
Pregis Purpose Awards
Recycling Tips
Resources
Careers
Contact Us
Choose Language
Solutions
By Product
By Industry
By Need
By Brand
On-Demand Paper Systems
On-Demand Inflatable Air Systems
On-Demand Foam Systems
Automated Mailing & Bagging Solutions
Ready-to-Pack Shipping Mailers
Cohesive Packaging Solutions
Temporary Protective Films
Bubble Cushioning & Pouches
Foam Sheets & Pouches
Foam for Fabrication
Protective Paper Rolls & Sheets
Specialty Products
Flexible Packaging Films
Packmaster Pro
GeoTerra
Quantum XTW
Quantum Pro
Inspyre Paper
Paper Cushioning
Paper Void Fill
Custom Solutions
Coiler Lite for Packmaster Pro
Ascent
ChamberPak
AirSpeed 5000
Smart
MINI PAK'R
Overhead Delivery Systems
SmartBagger/Maxwell
SmartShot + SmartShot Hybrid
SmartMold
Foam Consumables
MaxPro Series
Max Series
SX
Poly Automated Mailers
EverTec Automated Mailer
Inspyre™ Mailers
Infeeds and Conveyors
Cushioned Paper Mailers
Non-Cushioned Paper Mailers
Inspyre™ Mailers
Mailer Box
Cohesive Packaging Materials
Cohesive Automated Equipment
Mailer Box
Protective Film for Automotive & Transportation
Protective Film for Metals
Protective Film for Plastics
Protective Film for Building & Construction
Protective Film for Appliances
Bubble Rolls
Bubble bags & pouches
Foil Bubble - ThermaCycle Flex
Foam Bags & Pouches
Astro-Foam Polyethylene Foam
Extruded
Laminated
Void Fill Paper Packaging
Surface Protection Paper
Grocery & Food Service Paper
Cushion Pak
Profiles
Panta Pak
Single Face
Sleev-IT
Edge Foam
Corner Keepers
Bumper Guard
Centerfold Laminations
ThermaCycle™️ Flex
Manufacturing Capabilities
Markets Served
Agriculture
Appliance
Automotive & Transportation
Building & Construction
Consumer Packaged Goods
eCommerce & Fulfillment
Furniture & Millwork
Mail Order Pharmaceutical
Meal Kit & Grocery Delivery
Nutraceuticals
Publishing & Distribution
Retail Packaging
Small Parts Packaging
Third Party Logistics
Performance Flexibles
Inside the Box Protection
Surface Protection
Mailing & Bagging Solutions
Insulated Packaging
Customer Experience
Grocery & Food Processing
Laboratory Capabilities
AirSpeed® Air Systems
Astro-Bubble® Bubble Rolls
Astro-Foam® Polyethylene Sheet Foam
Easypack® Paper Systems
EverTec™ Mailers
Inspyre™ Packaging
IntelliPack® On-demand Foam
Pregis PolyMask™ Protective Films
PolyPlank® Foam for Fabrication
Renew™ Sustainable Products
Sharp® Polybagging Systems
ThermaCycle™ Flex Insulated Packaging
Services
Design & Testing
Tour the IQ
Integration Services
Customized Packaging
Printing Machinery Parts & Service
Support
Training
VR Training
Machine Servicing
Knowledge HUB
About Us
About Pregis
Pregis Purpose
Sustainability & CSR
Sustainable Packaging
2K30 Goals
ESG Report
Giving Back
Pregis Purpose Awards
Recycling Tips
Resources
Careers
Contact Us
Choose Language
Products Worth Protecting Deserve Pregis
In transit or on the production floor, we solve your toughest business challenges with our innovative packaging and protective solutions.

We’ve got everything you need to create customers for life.
Give us a call
Scroll Down
Sustainable Shipping Made Simple
The Pregis EverTec™ cushioned shipping mailer offers a wide variety of sizes, premium protection, and...you guessed it; it's curbside recyclable.
Learn More
Scroll Down
Tour the IQ
The Pregis Innovation Headquarters (IQ) is where packaging and technology come together to create unique and sustainable solutions. Take a virtual tour and see where our packaging experts get creative.
Take the Tour
Scroll Down
Seeking Difference Makers
One of the best parts of working at Pregis is the culture. We empower our associates to learn and grow with career advancement opportunities, and we foster an environment of respect, diversity, and inclusion.  Learn more about our passionate and knowledgeable associates, and what sets us apart.
Careers at Pregis
Scroll Down
01/
Solutions
Our Products & Systems
Inside-the-Box Protection
Keep your goods safe and secure during transit with Pregis.  Our full complement of air, paper and foam inside-the-box packaging solutions protect against damage during the journey of a package.
Think Inside the Box
Flexible Packaging
Pregis Flexible Packaging are created to meet and exceed our customers’ unique needs. See how our film experts use innovative technology and formulas to deliver superiorpackaging solutions every time.
Get Your Secret Formula
Surface Protection
Protect your critical surfaces, edge and parts from the manufacturing, production or shipping environments they face.  Prevent scratching, marring and abrasion with Pregis’ complete line of temporary protection films and materials.
Protection on Contact
Mailing & Bagging Solutions
Replace the box with a mailer or bag that contains goods through the shipping cycle and minimizes parcel costs.  Our options range from ready to use shippers to scalable automated mailing and bagging systems.
Get Ready to Ship
Industry-Specific Solutions
Solutions designed to protect the common to the uncommon. We cater to the unique and distinctive application needs across many diverse industries.
Discover the Solution
Get Packaging News
Sign up to get our best content; ebooks, case studies, industry news, and more!
Subscribe!
02/
Background
Always Innovating. Always Protecting.
We take pride in all aspects of our business to better protect yours. Our passion for perfection goes into each protective solution so we can bring joy to life’s everyday experiences.
OUR STORY
04/
Trending
Innovation through leadership
Meet The Performer: Jennifer Lawrence
Meet Jennifer Lawrence, Vice President of Technology, New Product Development at Pregis. Jennifer and her team are focused on making lightweight, efficient plastic packaging that performs well and wastes less. Learn more about how Jennifer and Pregis are making innovative packaging changes.
How Packaging Can Positively Impact People Around The World
We want to do more than protect the planet; we aim to positively impact people around the world. That’s why we’re committed to donating a portion of Pregis Inspyre™ packaging sales to the nonprofit to fight water insecurities around the globe.
Pregis® Launches Innovative Pregis EverTec™ Automated Mailer Tapping into the Power of Paper
Pregis®, a global leader in high-performance flexible packaging and protective packaging solutions, unveils the Pregis EverTec™ Automated Mailer, designed to seamlessly integrate with the Pregis Sharp™ MaxPro series of automated bagging machines.
Read More
Case Study: Solving Customer Challenges with Foam Solutions
Foam Industries provides a Pregis PolyPlank® custom-engineered
solution to help customer ship premium kayaks efficiently and
damage-free.
Download the Case Study!
Building & Construction: Save Time and Money with Pregis PolyMask™ Temporary Protective Films
Discover how Pregis PolyMask™ protective films enhance efficiency, cut costs, and safeguard surfaces during building and construction projects with adhesive-coated films. Ideal for coated metals, carpeting, countertops, appliances, windows, plastic sheets, doors, and more. Elevate your 2024 projects with our trusted solutions.
Inside the Mind of a Packaging Engineer: A Conversation with Damon Lucenta of the Pregis IQ
Explore the world of packaging engineering with Damon Lucenta in our Pregis Packaging Persona series. Discover the critical role these professionals play in ensuring effective and seamless packaging integration within operational processes and gain insights into key metrics, challenges, and successful collaboration strategies.
View All
Product Categories
On Demand Paper Systems
On Demand Inflatable Air Systems
On Demand Foam Systems
Automated Poly Bagging Systems
Cohesive Packaging Solutions
Temporary Protection Films
Shipping Mailers
Bubble Cushioning & Pouches
Foam Sheets & Pouches
Foam for Fabrication
Specialty Protection
Solutions by Need
Inside the Box Protection
Surface Protection
Mailing & Bagging Solutions
Blown Film Extrusion
Services
Consultation & Assessment
Technical Service
Design & Testing Lab
Training & Behavior Reinforcement
Custom Integration Services
Customized Packaging
About Us
Why Pregis
Pregis Purpose
Sustainability
Giving Back
Careers
Resources
Corporate Governance
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
CPRA Privacy Policy
Connect With Pregis
Contact Us
Subscribe
Knowledge Hub
©2021 Pregis LLC. All Rights Reserved. |
Sitemap
Pregis North America
227 W Monroe St
Suite 4100
Chicago, IL 60606
©2021 Pregis LLC. All Rights Reserved. |
Sitemap