EMP | Music, Movie, TV & Gaming Merch | Alternative Clothing
Skip to main content
Women
Men
Kids & Teens
EMP - Music, Movie, TV & Gaming Merch - Alternative Clothing
Backstage Club
Exclusive discounts
Exclusive products
VIP competitions
Get The Look
Login
Your account
Account settings
Addresses
Orders
Return an item
Reviews
Login
Shopping from Italy
Please click here to visit EMP Online Shop for customers from Italy
Ok
EMP International
EMP France
EMP Deutschland
EMP Italia
EMP Polska
EMP Česká Republika
EMP Norge
EMP Schweiz
EMP Suomi
EMP Ireland
EMP United Kingdom
EMP Sverige
EMP Danmark
Large Nederland
EMP Österreich
EMP Slovensko
Large Belgique
EMP España
0
£0.00
Women
Men
Kids & Teens
New Arrivals
Sale
Band Merch
Movies & TV
Anime
Gaming
Homeware & leisure
Your account
Orders
Return an item
Backstage Club
Wishlist
Get The Look
Search catalogue
Clear
Search
OH MY GOTH!
UP TO 15% OFF
Save now!
Your browser's Javascript functionality is turned off.
Please turn it on so that you can experience the full features of this site.
OK
By clicking “Agree” you allow us to use cookies on our website, social media and partner websites in order to improve and personalize our shop, and for analysis and marketing purposes. Alternatively you can choose
not to agree
to the use of cookies – in this case we will only use the essential cookies. By clicking on “Set preferences” you can set your cookie preferences. You can change the cookie settings and revoke your permission at any time on the
cookie policy page
. You can find more information in our data
data protection guidelines
.
Set preferences
Agree
With the help of this tool you can select and deactivate tracking & analytics tools used on this website
Essential
Analysis
Marketing
Save settings
Your browser is currently not set to accept cookies.
Please turn this functionality on or check if you have another program set to block cookies.
OK
15%
OFF
OH MY GOTH!
Dare to embrace the darkness with our Gothic Deals
Discover now!
Festivals & Concerts 2024
Get ready for festival and concert season!
Discover now!
Star Wars
Discover now!
Designed by EMP
Discover now!
Sleep Token
Harry Potter
Brands by EMP
Assassin's Creed
The Rolling Stones
Star Wars
Brandit
Pokémon
15% off
discount
E-Mail Newsletter
Subscribe now and grab a 15% discount voucher!
More
Your email
I hereby consent to receive the EMP Newsletter and consent that EMP Mail Order UK Ltd may process my personal data and send me information about its products on a regular basis. My personal data will be processed in conformity with the provisions of the
Data Privacy Policy
. I may revoke my consent at any time by notifying EMP Mail Order UK Ltd.
Here
I can unsubscribe from the newsletter.
Subscribe
*Valid for 4 weeks. Only redeemable online. Cannot be used in conjunction with any other promotional codes. After entering the code, the discount will be automatically deducted from your shopping basket. Books, media, tickets, Rammstein, Die Ärzte, Die Toten Hosen, Feine Sahne Fischfilet, Broilers, New Balance, Böhse Onkelz, Funko Pop!, vouchers & items that include a donation in the price are excluded from the promotion.
Our customer services are here for you
Today our customer service is available from 9:00 am to 5:30 pm.
More information
Start chat
Customer Service
FAQ / Help
Return Policy
Return an item
Size chart
Cancel my BSC Membership
Offers for you
Competitions
EMP Gift cards
Student Discount
BLUE LIGHT CARD DISCOUNT
About EMP
Affiliate Programme
Sustainability
Be a part of the community!
Payment methods
Shipping
EMP APP
Download our new EMP app now and enjoy the many new features and benefits!
A Warner Music Group Company
Legal
Terms & Conditions
Imprint
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Waste Disposal and Environmental Protection
Declaration of Conformity
All prices include VAT. and exclude
shipping costs
© 1986-2024 EMP Mail order UK Ltd.
Our online shops
EMP
International
EMP
France
EMP
Deutschland
EMP
Italia
EMP
Polska
EMP
Česká Republika
EMP
Norge
EMP
Schweiz
EMP
Suomi
EMP
Ireland
EMP
United Kingdom
EMP
Sverige
EMP
Danmark
Large
Nederland
EMP
Österreich
EMP
Slovensko
Large
Belgique
EMP
España
More info about EMP
EMP – Alternative Clothing and Merchandise since 1986
Become part of our EMP family and, with over 6 million like-minded people, discover the merchandise of your favourite bands, plus the best from entertainment, gaming fashion and fun.
Are you looking for
merchandise
and the right clothes from your
favourite band or series
? Are you looking for a great gift for family and friends? Then you are in exactly the right place in the EMP Online Shop. We have numerous designs of
T-shirts
, clothes, accessories, jewelry and more for women and men around the world who love music, entertainment, fun and fashion as much as we do.
Discover all our
Band Merch
and our
fashion brands from A to Z
. In addition to our branded clothing, you can also find unique and exclusive
shoes from your favourite band
and fan merch shoes. And we have a cool selection for kids too.
We have everything your heart desires. Just browse through our popular clothing categories:
Halloween Clothing
Women's Clothing
Men's clothing
Fashion for large sizes
Dresses
Maxi dresses
Fashion for Kids
Branded Clothing
Gaming Clothing
T-shirts for women
Fan merchandise: Star Wars, Harry Potter, Stranger Things & Co.
Are you a big
Star Wars
fan? Then equip yourself today with hip
Star Wars clothes
. A huge range of
Star Wars figures
as limited edition collectible figures or
Star Wars Funko Pops
are waiting for you. In keeping with The Mandalorian, The Rise of Skywalker and the older Star Wars films, you'll find a great selection of exclusive
Star Wars T-Shirts
,
Star Wars Hoodies
and
Star Wars Sweaters
.
Your morning coffee or other hot beverage is also taken care of with the Star Wars Mugs that are sure to get you noticed in the office or at the breakfast table. May the Force be with you!
Are you still waiting for your letter from
Hogwarts
? Then sweeten the waiting time with our
Harry Potter merchandise
. Which house is your favourite: Gryffindor, Slytherin, Ravenclaw or Hufflepuff? Show which house you belong to with a
Harry Potter sweater
- to make even a night walk through the forbidden forest pleasant.
As a Hogwarts student, you also need a good wand to defend yourself against the dark arts. With us you will find various
Harry Potter Accessories
so that you are armed for every duel. Do you collect figures from the Potter universe? Check out our
Harry Potter figures
- strictly limited, exclusive and high quality.
Warp drive into other entertainment universes. Fight the Demogorgon with
Stranger Things Merch
, join the SouthSide Serpents, fight for the iron throne in Games of Thrones, experience intergalactic adventures with Rick and Morty or indulge in childhood memories in the EMP
Disney Store
. From Frozen to The Lion King - here you will find a large selection of
Disney characters
. And fans of anime and Co. will also find a large selection of
anime characters here
. Train your Kamehameha skills together with Son Goku and our
Dragon Ball figures
.
Live in childhood memories with the
Batman merch
for true Gotham City fans and secure the right outfit today with a great selection of
Batman T-shirts
.
Are you a passionate figure collector? Then browse through our
Figure Shop
and choose your personal favourite character from a wide range of figurines:
Batman figures
Batman Funko Pops
Anime figures
Dragonball Funko Pops
Marvel figures
Avengers figures
Discover the Funko Pop! in you
No matter whether band, fan or gaming: with the
Funko Pop figures
you
bring
your favourite characters home. In our shop you will find strictly limited and exclusive funkos that you won't find anywhere else. And we get new supplies every week, so check back often if you don't want to miss the next Funko Drop.
Superheroes from the DC and Marvel Universe
Deadpool and Spiderman merchandise or rather Batman and Joker? We send you on the adventures of your favourite superheroes and villains. No matter whether you are looking for clothing from the
DC universe
or want to dress up with accessories from your
Marvel heroes
- with us you will find the right
superhero merchandise
. Of course, only until the joker has cleared the warehouse for us. So be quick, because Thor is already swinging his hammer.
If Marvel superheroes are your thing, you will surely be amazed by the
Marvel characters
. How about Deadpool figures? The superhero with the big mouth and a preference for unicorns will surely sweeten your day. But
Spiderman figures also
look good in your collection.
Gaming shirts and more: from classics to current top games
Are thrilling online worlds and adventures exactly your thing? Then you are in the right place with us in the
Gaming merchandise Shop
. From Doom to Fortnite to Zelda and Pokémon merch - we accompany you on your gaming adventures. No matter whether you are fighting for the Horde or the Alliance, you can stock up on Warcraft merch in the
WoW Shop
. Ready for a Battle Royale? Visit our
Fortnite Shop
and pick up a load of exclusive items. You get your favourite skins from us as
Fortnite figures
and we have also taken care of your everyday life: how about exclusive
Fortnite T-Shirts
? There is enough loot for everyone!
Experience thrilling adventures in Assassin's Creed, travel with Mario, Luigi, Bowser and Peach into the world of Super Mario or plunge into the battles of the Call of Duty Warzone. Do you love consoles? You can find exclusive merch in the
Playstation Shop
as well as in the
Nintendo Shop
. If your heart beats for Pokémon, you should definitely visit the EMP
Pokémon Shop
. You can choose exclusive
Pokémon T-Shirts
without a Poké Ball. Come and grab them all!
Band merchandise in the EMP shop
You wanted the best, you got the best - you like handmade music that is made by real musicians? Then put on your favourite record and treat yourself to a break from the stresses of everyday life. With us in the Band Merchandise Shop you will find the merch of your favourite bands.
Band t-shirts
are part of the basic equipment of every music fan. So it's no wonder that you can find thousands of band shirts from a wide range of bands. Many of them are exclusively available from us. You grew up with Metallica and need the right merch for your favourite record? No problem, our exclusive
Metallica T-Shirts
are waiting for you.
The
AC / DC T-shirts
you get from us also have legendary status. Simply slip one on and you can play guitar like Angus Young. Okay, maybe that's not true, but you will look good in these shirts. You will look at least as good in our legendary
Nirvana Shirts
. You can of course also find the classic smiley shirts here. Band shirts always go. And our
Kiss T-shirts
are also timeless classics.
With us you not only get the merch of your favourite bands, but also exclusive and limited
CDs, vinyls and cassettes
. We provide you with the best pre-orders and deliver the long-awaited album to your door in time for the release. A new release like this can be really exciting, right? For the last
Rammstein albums
you can look forward to the discs months before release. By the way: our
Rammstein Shop
is filled to the brim with
exclusive merch
. And we also received a brand new merchandise delivery from Iowa. Click here for
Slipknot Merch
. We'll see you in front of the stage!
Festival outfits
Finally normal people and good bands: the festival season has started. With us you get the right
festival clothing
for the perfect festival summer. No matter whether Wacken, Rock am Ring or Summer Breeze: with us you can put together your own individual festival outfit.
Clothing: from rockabilly to steampunk to gothic
Your wardrobe needs an urgent update? Or are you just in the mood for new clothes? No problem, with us you will find alternative clothing for spring, summer, autumn and winter. Our range includes a huge selection of women's and men's clothing that is alternative, extravagant and fashionable.
No matter whether grunge, skater, alternative or just yourself: our brand clothing shop has some cool things ready for you. Classics like
Vans shoes
meet
biker jackets
,
Combat boots
,
Dr Martens boots
,
rockabilly shoes
,
Gothic dresses
and
50s dresses
. Unfold your personality in the
Gothic Shop
or prepare for your next cosplay in the
Steampunk Shop
. You’ll find many clothes, accessories and jewelry exclusively from us that you can’t find anywhere else.
Exclusive brands
are waiting for you like Black Premium, RED, Gothicana or Rock Rebel. More classics are waiting for you in the
Adidas Shop
,
Dickies
and the
VANS Shop
.
For mild summer nights and cold days, we have a large selection of jackets. Do you like synthetic leather or real leather? Then check out our
Gipsy leather jackets
. You get quality that has proven itself for decades with our
m65 jackets
. But that is far from it. You will also find
high-quality bomber jackets
,
between season jackets
and
camouflage jackets
in our shop. Or do you have a preference for
Urban Classics jackets
? There is only one thing we can’t do for you: make the right choice. But don't worry: we can recommend every jacket!
Check shirts, hats and rocking accessories - you'll find it all in our Rockabilly Shop. By the way, Dickies trousers and biker shirts also go well with rockabilly style - just give it a try. For LARP enthusiasts, we have lots of medieval and
Viking clothing
. Cool basics are available in our streetwear shop. Whether it's a transitional jacket, T-shirts, accessories or jewellery - you'll find it all here..
Is humour your middle name? Then take a look at the EMP
Fun & Lifestyle online shop
. Funny fun
shirts for men and women
,
joke items
,
unicorn gifts
and
decorative items
for your home await you. We also always have the right gift for you or your loved ones for special occasions and holidays. Whether it's a gift for Women's Day, a
cool Christmas present
or the right
outfit for Halloween
, you'll impress everyone with our unusual gifts and cool clothes. We offer great deals and discounts throughout the year in our
Sale
section. Here you can save big on
clothes
such as
T-shirts
, shoes and
children's clothing
. On days like
Singles Day
or
Black Friday
, you'll be spoilt for choice with discount offers.
New in our shop
To make sure you don't get bored, we are constantly expanding our range. Are you bored with your clothes or do you just want to try something new? Do you want new merchandise from your favourite band or TV series? There's something new to discover every day! Here is a small selection of new merch and clothes for you:
Fashion
Leather Look Leggings
High Waist Jeans for Women
Ripped Jeans for Men
Skinny Jeans for Women
Skirts
Plus Size Bra
Band Merch
Metallica Vinyl
Slipknot Hoodies
Gorillaz Merch
Rammstein Hoodies
Iron Maiden T-Shirts
Die Toten Hosen Merch
Fan Merch
Marvel Figures
Loungefly
Disney Clothing
Disney Hoodies
Disney T-shirts
Avengers Figures
Gaming
Assassins Creed Merch
Pokemon Shoes
Zelda Merch
Dragon Ball Merch
Minecraft Merch
Super Mario Merch
Backstage Club: come backstage and get exclusive benefits, extras and competitions
Throw yourself into your stage outfit and open the doors to the
EMP Backstage Club
. In the Backstage Club you can get
every order free of shipping costs
- with no minimum order value. We also provide you with cool free items and exclusive competitions. You not only get exclusive discounts from us, but also from our Backstage Club partners. And if you ever need to send something back, we will extend the right of return to 100 days in the Backstage Club. With your Backstage Club Card you also get access to our backstage areas at various festivals and events (Wacken, Summerbreeze and much more). What are you waiting for? Come backstage and have a good time with us.