Framor Power - Esperti del taglio dei metalli
ita
eng
FRAMOR POWER - Metal Slitting Center
Products
Alupower
Services
Area
Quality
Contacts
ita
eng
menu
chiudi
Call us
+39 0459616007
Contact center
Get in touch
BY SENDING, I ACKNOWLEDGE TO HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD THE PURPOSES AND MEANS OF
THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA
DESCRIBED THEREIN.
framor power s.r.l
Sede operativa:
Via Monte Fiorino , 19
37057 - S. Giovanni Lupatoto (VR) - Italy
FramorPower Srl Slitting Specialists
FramorPower Srl supplies quality Materials thanks to his specific and technical metal slitting specialists and high technology plants.
Metal Slitting Center
PRODUCTS
FramorPower Srl Partner for your business
Company
FramorPower Srl is a young company specialized in slitting and supplying of coils, sheets and slab forms in Aluminium and his alloy, copper and his alloy, rolled grain oriented and not grain oriented electrical steel in various sizes and various applications among which: transformer’s world, electric and electronic, Automotive, pressing, slitting, metallic small parts.
FramorPower Srl materials are worked with high technical devices. Thanks to high knowledge of our specialists allow to satisfy various technical required making products burr free with round edges, that are so appreciated in transformers production.
Quality
Coils
Making and supplying of coils in according with European UNI EN regulation in various inside diameter: 300mm/400mm/500mm
Sheets
On customer demand FramorPower Srl supplies sheets in various sizes, different tempers and alloys in according with UNI EN regulation
Alluminium & his alloys
COPPER
MAGNETIC STEEL
Automotive
Transformers
Pressing, Shearing, Metal Fittings
More
For transformer
ALUPOWER is our line developed with our major suppliers to satisfy particular technical needs for high electric conductivity values.
ALUPOWER
Certifications
Quality Management System UNI EN 9001:2015
Quality, Fast Delivery, Attention to Customer
Strong Points
Testo Privacy
OUR COOKIES POLICY
Cookies are small text files that are installed in a temporary memory by a website depending on selected browser (and therefore on the selected device to the Platform, such as PCs, tablets, mobile phones, etc.) that is able to record some information relating to your browsing activity. All data, if the cookies are not disabled, are sended to the site that installed them every time you return to visit that site. Cookies therefore allow you to (temporarily) record some information relating to your preferences, but at the same time allow for simplified navigation and greater ease of use and effectiveness of the site you are visiting
WHAT ARE THE DIFFERENT TYPES OF COOKIES
Cookies, as regards their duration, are divided into:
session cookies: they are automatically deleted when you close your browser;
persistent cookies: they remain stored on your device for a certain period of time (eg to allow you to easily authenticate yourself on the Platform, etc.)
and as regards their realization in:
own cookies: created and managed directly by the Owner;
third-party cookies: created and managed by other parties different from Owner on which we have no control.
HOW TO PREVENT THE INSTALLATION OF COOKIES
You can prevent the installation of cookies, which normally occurs automatically with most browsers, by disabling the functions of your browser to enable the reception of cookies.
To understand the right procedure, we recommend that you click on the link of your navigation browser:
Firefox
;
Internet Explorer
;
Google Chrome
;
Safari
.
WHICH COOKIES DO WE INSTALL?
Pursuant to the GDPR, the company FramorPower S.r.l, with registered office in S. Giovanni Lupatoto (VR) - Italy, in Via Monte Fiorino 19, C.F. and VAT number IT10904320966, e-Mail: commerciale@framorpower.com (which we will also indicate as the "Owner"), install on your device:
TECHNICAL COOKIES: automatically some technical cookies (session and persistent), or files that allow the correct and easy use of the Platform:
Own technical and essential cookies: they allow you to browse the Platform - without them the Platform may not work. In order to release these cookies, current legislation does not ask for your prior consent, other than to indicate them in the information;
own, technical and persistent cookies: it facilitates navigation on the Platform avoiding that the brief information (so-called pop-up banner), which asks you for consent to release cookies on your device, is re-proposed to you even after your consent
third-party cookies, anonymous and persistent analytics: it allows us to collect aggregate and anonymous data on the use of the Platform. The IP address is obscured in its last part.
PROFILING COOKIES: only after your consent, we will install some types of persistent profiling cookies created by third parties (for example some cookies may be present in images, maps, videos, sounds, links to pages external to the Platform , etc.), which have the task of memorizing your profile to allow the sending of targeted advertising messages on the preferences you have expressed while browsing the Platform:
Profiling cookies made by third parties and related to other services (session and persistent): some pages of the Platform are characterized by the presence of some plugins that could allow a third party to release profiling cookies on your device. You can find the privacy information and how to delete these cookies at these links:
no profiling cookies
profiling cookies created by third parties and relating to statistical services (session and persistent): these cookies allow you to know how you visit the Platform and allow you to evaluate and make any changes relating to the possibility of using the information and services. These cookies allow you to know:
the number of visitors to the Platform;
the average time spent on the Platform;
the channels from which the Platform is accessed, the most visited sections, etc.
ANONYMOUS STATISTICAL COOKIES
To carry out these operations we use the Google Analytics service - a web analytics service, provided by Google. This system releases cookies on your device and generates information on your use of the Platform that is transmitted and stored by Google (the servers where they are stored may be in the United States). Google uses this information to:
evaluate your use of the Platform;
prepare reports on your business;
to provide other services relating to the activity of the Platform and the use of the internet
Google may also transfer this information to third parties if required by law, or in the case of third parties who process this information on their behalf
Google does not associate your IP address with any other data that Google owns (we have in fact deactivated all the sharing functions of your personal data, except the 'Benchmarking' function which processes aggregate and anonymous data –
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/1011397?hl=en
) and we have masked part of your IP address.
To read Google's privacy policy and get further information, you can click on these links:
http://www.google.com/analytics/
;
http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
;
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
.
You can find the instructions to cancel or block the surveys through this service by clicking on this link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=ien
.
HOW YOU CAN MANAGE COOKIES
To check which cookies are installed on your device, and possibly change your choices, you can change the privacy settings in the control panel of your navigation browser and / or visit this site
https://cookiepedia.co.uk/
.
You can find further basic information on the privacy configuration of your navigation browser by clicking on this link
http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2#!/
.
You can also check, and possibly modify, your choices regarding 'Behavioral Online Advertising' (i.e. the method that allows third parties to send you advertising messages on the websites you visit, making them more in line with your needs and your interests) we recommend that you visit this site where you will find the information and tools to perform these operations:
www.youronlinechoices.eu
.
If you disable the services that install cookies, we inform you that you may not be able to fully use the Platform.
HOW LONG DO COOKIES REMAIN INSTALLED?
The duration of the cookies that are installed on your device depends on their nature:
session cookies are deleted when you close your browser;
persistent cookies may instead have different expiration dates set by the creator of the individual cookie.
To check the duration of each cookie you can use tools such as 'Wappalyzer' (downloadable for free by clicking on this link
https://www.wappalyzer.com/
).
FramorPower S.r.l
Production Site:
Via Monte Fiorino , 19
37057 - S. Giovanni Lupatoto (VR) - Italy
Head Office:
Via Valcava ,15
20900 Monza (MB) - Italy
VAT: 10904320966
Gmap
contact
+390459616007
commerciale@framorpower.com
website
Home
Products
Alupower
Services
Area
Quality
Contacts
legal
privacy
cookies
manage cookies
Information on the cookies present on this site
This site uses anonymous technical and statistical cookies, necessary for its operation.
Manage preferences
Deny all
Allow all cookies
Anonymous technical and statistical cookies
They cannot be disabled because are necessary and functional cookies for the web site.
1. WEBSITE
Technical cookies necessary for the proper functioning of the platform that do not profile the user in any way for advertising purposes and are not shared with third parties.
Save preferences
Read more
x