Dal 1990 leader nel settore dei funghi surgelati, coltivati e spontanei | Padova
Dal 1990 leader nel settore dei funghi surgelati, coltivati e spontanei | Padova
Home
Company
Products
Recipes
News
Contacts
Italiano
English
Company
ITALIAN QUALITY AND FLAVOUR
ABOUT US
Erica SRL was born in 1990 after various experience in the field of frozen, fresh and dried mushrooms and with a  great passion for nature and its products. At the very beginning it was just a small labor and one refrigerating room for the purpose of spreading  the most exquisite mushrooms – and most esteemed ones in Italy - : Porcini. Due to Erica’s consciousness of each type and quality and thanks to the technology of freezing, which allows to conserve the raw material, Erica SRL is able to supply different products according to commercial and culinary needs of each customers, becoming an important benchmark for both national and international HORECA channel.
Being directly linked to the collection areas it was easy for Erica SRL to immediately introduce other kinds of wild and cultivated mushrooms and berries. Eventually in 2012 Erica SRL introduced to its line frozen wild herbs - such as nettles and wild hops - to bring back some regional traditions. Erica SRL has always  paid close attention to nature and its environment, that is why in 2010 installed a photovoltaic system to satisfy the energetic requirements  saving more than 60 tons of CO2 per year.
A great love for nature united with a big knowledge of products: this is Erica SRL quality.
STRUCTURE
The structure of the company is one of its advantage: being directly present in the collection points Erica is able to guarantee high quality raw material at fair prices.
High quality products available all year round in a large selection
CERTIFICATIONS
Throughout the years Erica SRL has always guaranteed verified and controlled products to its customers. All Erica’s resource must adhere to the quality standards which Erica’s philosophy is based on and must keep this quality level constant. Erica Srl is certified with ISO 9001 since 2009 and with ISO FSSC 22000 since 2022.
A total and certified control of the entire supply chain allows us to offer a good guaranteed product.
CERT. UNI EN ISO 9001
A quality management system based on ISO 9001 certification assures a better business set-up and the compliance of its own products.
Download
CERT. ISO FSSC 22000
This certification is internationally recognized by GFSI (Global Food Safety Initiative) which defines the business compliance of food industry with safety, quality and legality standards of production process and finished products.
Download
QUALITY POLICY
Learn more
ERICA SRL
Via Monte Cristallo
n° 8 - 35018
San Martino di Lupari (PD)
T.
+39 049 9469110
M.
info@ericanatura.it
© 2024 Erica Srl |
Privacy policy
|
Cookie policy
|
Le tue preferenze relative alla privacy
WITH
WABi