Our group | EssilorLuxottica
Who We Are
We are a global leader in the design, manufacture and distribution of ophthalmic lenses, frames and sunglasses.
Quick links
Our Mission
Our Global Footprint
We are driving the transformation of the eyewear and eyecare industry
As an open network company, we offer our industry stakeholders in over 150 countries access to a global platform of high-quality vision care products, iconic brands that consumers love, as well as cutting-edge digital services and solutions.
Home to the world’s most iconic vision care and eyewear brands
With a portfolio of proprietary and licensed brands that cover a wide range of market segments, we tap into the needs and desires of consumers everywhere, offering a strong pipeline of innovation that raises the standard of excellence across the industry.
Discover our brands
A fully integrated player addressing the world’s evolving vision needs
From design and development to distribution, we cover every step of the value chain, starting with a powerful R&D platform committed to making EssilorLuxottica a laboratory for med-tech, design and innovation. Our global footprint is well balanced and diversified and it guarantees the highest levels of service. Manufacturing is backed by a wide-reaching Professional Solutions network that allows us to serve wholesale customers with a unique combination of high-quality vision care products, iconic brands that consumers love, and cutting-edge digital services and solutions.
Professional Solutions are complemented by an extensive global Direct to Consumer network that offers the Group a unique understanding of consumer trends, both globally and locally, by cultivating relationships with millions of consumers every day, offering them high-quality vision care products, expert advice and iconic brands. Our distribution channels are complemented by our branded e-commerce platforms as well as pure digital players. A true omnichannel approach to distribution replicates the magic of the Group’s stores in the digital space, enabling consumers to enjoy everything from product customization to an endless aisle of frames.
Discover our business model
Discover our business model
A strong investor in the future of eyecare and eyewear
By investing heavily in R&D for cutting-edge lens and frame technologies, as well as reimagining the design, form and function of eyewear, we constantly set new industry standards for vision care, eyewear and the consumer experience surrounding it.
Discover our innovation
An advocate of a more sustainable future
Taking an important step toward a more sustainable future, we introduced our Corporate Responsibility program titled Eyes on the Planet, which outlines our strategy for sustainability with commitments toward carbon neutrality, circularity, world sight, inclusion and ethics. Marking a new chapter in our journey to accelerate our unique Mission activities and help eliminate uncorrected poor vision by 2050, we also launched the OneSight EssilorLuxottica Foundation, the largest foundation in the world leading efforts for inclusive vision access. This plays a major role in supporting our sustainability strategy and our commitment to advocate for good vision as a basic human right.
Discover our mission
Discover our mission
A unique, diverse and inclusive community
At the very core of EssilorLuxottica are our people. We have a global community of over 190,000 dedicated employees around the world who work together to help the Company and its customers thrive every day. Employee shareholding continues to be a cornerstone of our culture. Constantly expanding employee ownership across the world, today over 100,000 employees have access to EssilorLuxottica’s employee shareholding plans. In 2023, approximately 80,000 employees in 86 countries held a financial stake in the Group, reflecting their confidence in our strategy and their endorsement of our Mission to help people 'see more and be more'.
Discover our careers
Discover our careers
An enabler of the industry’s growth, through the development of people
Drawing on our long-lasting belief that education is a key lever to shape the future of eyecare and eyewear, we are continuing to invest in
Leonardo
, our learning ecosystem dedicated to the industry. All content is created by industry experts and is available in different formats following Leonardo’s blended educational approach.
Our History
Discover
Our Committments
Discover
© EssilorLuxottica 2024