Heat transfer, Separation, Fluid handling  | Alfa Laval
Methanol as marine fuel
Explore our solutions
HVAC and Sustainable Cities
Energy efficiency to power net zero climate goals
Find out the keys
Ultra-compact evaporator, like no other
Fits into existing buildings
AlfaVap Inline
Step out of your shell
Like a Shell & Tube but more compact, adaptable and energy efficient.
Alfa Laval Hygienic WideGap
Maximize energy efficiency in HDS
Reduce energy consumption and increase capacity with Alfa Laval Packinox
Discover how
Energy efficient petrochemical solutions
Want to know how you could reduce costs and carbon-dioxide?
Discover
Latest news
View more
2024-05-08
Alfa Laval leads the way in sustainable food processing with heat transfer technology to cut emissions in half
According to the UN, we will need up to 70 percent more food to feed the world by 2050. At the same time, the food system accounts for a third of global greenhouse gas emissions and exerts growing pre...
2024-05-02
Alfa Laval in MOSS consortium to build the first molten hydroxide salt energy storage plant in the world
Alfa Laval is pleased to be part of the consortium Molten Salt Storage (MOSS), funded by the Energy Technology Development and Demonstration Program (EUDP), which recently inaugurated the completion o...
2024-04-26
How intellectual property helps drive progress and innovation
Gustaf de Laval registered his first patent back in the 19th century, and ever since, intellectual property has played a vital role in how Alfa Laval innovates. In celebration of World Intellectual Pr...
2024-04-25
Bulletin from the Annual General Meeting of Alfa Laval AB (publ)
The Annual General Meeting of Alfa Laval AB (publ) was held on Thursday, April 25, 2024, at Stadshallen in Lund. The Annual General Meeting was held under the chairmanship of Alfa Laval's Chairman of ...
2024-04-25
How to optimize beverage production
Get up-to-date with the latest trends and technologies in beverage production. 

Together, we will look at different technologies and practices that can enhance speed and flexibility, save on resource...
Explore
Food, Dairy and Beverage
Enjoy the taste of success as Alfa Laval’s equipment and process solutions improve your productivity and food and beverage quality.
Food, Dairy and Beverage Production
HVAC Consultant Portal
Our HVAC Consultant Portal has a range of tools and resources to help you maximize the efficiency and sustainability of the heating or cooling systems you work.
HVAC Consultant Portal
Marine
Whether you build ships or sail them, you need solutions that put you ahead.
Marine
Biotech and pharmaceuticals
Bringing a drug or vaccine to market requires cutting edge technologies. Our components and systems optimize your processes.
Biotech and pharmaceuticals
Service
Extending the performance of your equipment
Service
Water and Wastewater Treatment
Alfa Laval offers a variety of solutions for on-site water and waste treatment plus recovery of water, heat and even products from your process.
Water and Wastewater Treatment
Lifetime support
Alfa Laval Service can support you wherever you sail, providing both relevant innovation to keep you ahead and service solutions that decrease cost of ownership.
Our global service network
Sustainable solutions for a better world
We not only offer solutions that respond to the needs of our customers but also to those of our planet. Our latest Sustainability Report documents the work we’re doing to help create better everyday conditions for everyone.
Our sustainability principles
Alfa Laval around the world
Read the stories