Welcome to Emmi Dessert Italia | Emmi Dessert Italia
back
About us
Discover our products
Join our team
What can we do for you?
EN
IT
About us
Discover our products
Join our team
Emmi Dessert Italia
Country
Italy
EN
Change language
English
Italian
What can we do for you?
Visit us at Tuttofood!
From 8 to 11 May we are at Hall 4P - Stand E25-E28!
Discover More
Come visit us at PLMA!
From 23 to 24 May we wait for you at Hall 5 - Stand L23!
Discover more
“Unforgettable moments of bliss. For everyone.“
Emmi Dessert Italia is its own people.
Innovation is more than just a buzzword here at Emmi Dessert Italia. Whether we’re developing delicious new products, donating to food banks or championing young talent through our recruitment program, it’s second nature to us. And we couldn’t do it without our team members, who help write our future every single day.
Take a closer look
Sweeter moments to share.
Let us whet your appetite. Choose from our extensive selection of classic Italian desserts and international favourites lovingly produced here in Italy. Special dietary requirements? No problem. We also produce a range of organic, free from, plant based, alcohol free , and kosher desserts available in a variety of packaging options.
Classics
Special Recipes
Special Pack
Ice Cream
1
4
Take a closer look
Our brands
Bontà Divina
Bontà Divina
The specialist of classics dessert and more...
Take a closer look
Rachelli
Rachelli
The reference brand for organic and biodynamic ice cream.
Take a closer look
Sorbissimo
Sorbissimo
A product that is inspired from the art of Italian Ice Cream.
Take a closer look
Join the sweet side
Here at Emmi Dessert Italia, we put our heart and soul into everything we do. We’re not exaggerating when we say we love our products and our work. And we’re proud to be one part of one big family. We’re looking for people who share our values. People who want to grow – on a professional and personal level – and help our company grow every day. If that’s you, then we’re waiting to hear from you.
Apply to work in Emmi Dessert Italia
Quicklinks
Home
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms and conditions
Code of Conduct
Address
Emmi Dessert Italia S.p.A.
Via Cascinetta 44
28013 Gattico-Veruno (NO)
Italy
+39 0322 1918111
info@emmidessert.it
About Emmi Dessert Italia
On the side of sweetness.
A company that produces fresh spoon desserts. The Italian branch of Emmi, a Swiss multinational. A family determined to create value for customers, without ever losing sight of the world and the community around us. Because in Emmi Dessert Italia people are the starting point and also the finishing point of everything we do.
© Emmi Dessert Italia
We respect your privacy
Our website uses cookies and analytical tools to optimise your experience on our website. We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse the use of our website.
We also share information about how you use our website with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. Our partners may combine this information with other information that you have provided to them or that they have collected in the course of your using the services, and these partners may be located in countries that do not have laws that protect your personal information to the same extent as those in Switzerland and/or the EU/EEA.
By clicking on “Allow all and continue”, you consent to the use of all cookies. By clicking on the button “Confirm my selection” you consent only to the categories that you have selected. You can change the cookie settings using the link in the “Privacy Policy” footer. You can find out more in our
Privacy Policy
.
Read more
Manage cookies
Necessary cookies*
Performance cookies*
Marketing cookies*
Confirm my selection
Allow all and continue