HOME | Insight
top of page
HOME
WHO WE ARE
WHAT WE DO
Maritime Eng. and Tech. Services
Mission Support
IT and Cybersecurity Services
WHO WE SERVE
CONTRACT VEHICLES
GSA MAS Contract
GSA OASIS Contract
SeaPort-NxG Contract
NITAAC CIO-SP3 SB Contract
WORK WITH US
Current Openings
NEWS
CONTACT
More
Use tab to navigate through the menu items.
EXCEEDING
EXPECTATIONS
™
WHO WE ARE
WHO WE ARE
Insight Technology Solutions, LLC is a certified small business headquartered in the National Capital Region. Celebrating 20 years in business, Insight has a tradition of exceeding the expectations of our Federal customers by providing a spectrum of management consulting, business operations, and engineering solutions.
We are proud of the discipline and passion we bring to our work and the lasting relationships that we develop with our customers. Insight provides the right people, a proven service delivery framework and solid corporate infrastructure to deliver quality support services that add value to our customers and deliver mission success.
1999
Year Established
160+
Employees
94%
Open Ratings Survey Score
4.6/5
Glassdoor Rating
GREENHOUSE GAS REPORTING
Insight Technology Solutions prepares an annual Greenhouse Gas Emissions Inventory in accordance with the requirements of the Greenhouse Gas Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard, Revised Edition, published by the World Resources Institute.
DOWNLOAD OUR MOST RECENT REPORT
WHAT WE DO
WHAT WE DO
METS
Maritime Engineering and Technical Services
Insight supports maritime assets and systems through the complete life cycle, including planning, acquisition, design, construction, testing, sustainment, and disposal. Our expertise ensures assets and systems are ready to meet mission requirements.
MS
Mission Support
Insight provides operational and program support which focus on providing strategy, planning, program/project management, assessment, process improvement, policy analysis, development and implementation, communications and outreach, training, and administrative functions which help our clients reach their enterprise business and mission goals.
ITCS
IT and Cybersecurity Services
Insight leverages ITIL and CMMI
based best practices to provide quality contact center service support, Tier 1-3 service desk, desktop support, systems administration, database administration and networketwork administration. We also provide deployment services, IMAC and  technology refresh, secure telecommunications, spectrum management, and radio communications support.
Insight's business and technical acumen delivers value across a wide range of program areas and agency missions. Our strong process discipline, clear visibility of program goals, and focus on efficient delivery of customer requirements makes us an exceptional partner for agencies and other contractors.
WHO WE SERVE
CISA
Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency
TSA
Transportation Security Administration
USCG
United States
Coast Guard
ICE
Immigration and Customs Enforcement
DHS HQ
Dept. of Homeland Security Headquarters
FEMA
Federal Emergency Management Agency
NAVY
United
States Navy
DARPA
Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency
USMC
United States Marine Corps
AND OTHER FEDERAL AND DOD CUSTOMERS ACROSS THE GOVERNMENT
WHO WE SERVE
CONTRACT VEHICLES
CONTRACT VEHICLES
GSA Multiple Award Schedule (MAS)
GSA's consolidated Multiple Award Schedule (MAS) provides a streamlined, effective commercial contracting vehicle for customers using FAR 8.405 ordering procedures to procure simple-to-complex fixed-price, time-and-materials, or labor-hour professional services across a wide range of areas.
GSA OASIS Small Business Pool 3
GSA OASIS (One Acquisition Solution for Integrated Services) Small Business is a government-wide multiple-award, indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity (IDIQ) contract providing flexible and innovative solutions for complex professional services using FAR 16.505 ordering procedures.
U.S. Navy SeaPort - Next Generation (NxG)
SeaPort-NxG is the Navy's electronic platform for acquiring support services across a range of 23 functional areas, including highly-technical and specialized engineering, management, and program support services.
NITAAC CIO-SP3 Small Business
CIO-SP3 Small Business is a ten-year Government-Wide Acquisition Contract (GWAC) offering emerging technology, solutions, and services, and can be used by any federal civilian or DOD agency to fulfill IT requirements and socioeconomic goals.
Insight is an experienced Federal contractor with Prime and subcontractor experience supporting customers in the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and other agencies across the Federal government.
Insight's range of available contract vehicles offers multiple ways for agencies to access our services, and positions us as a capable prime partner for companies seeking to do business with the U.S. Government.
WORK FOR US
WORK WITH US
Insight's Corporate Culture
Insight employees are the key to our business success.
As part of the Insight Team you are offered a challenging work environment, outstanding benefits and a team environment that is conducive to professional development. Our attitude towards shared opportunity, shared growth, and shared success is the foundation of Insight’s commitment to our employees. Our core values of execution excellence, honesty, integrity and lifelong learning result in a healthy and enjoyable organizational culture.
​
At Insight, our employees are the best in the industry. Our employees are recognized by the following attributes:
Dedication
Commitment
Expertise
Integrity
Professionalism
Customer Satisfaction
Leadership
Solutions-Oriented
​
We offer competitive pay and benefits, a challenging and dynamic working environment, and believe every employee can make a difference for themselves, our customers, and the company. In a career with Insight, your opportunity is unlimited.
SEE CURRENT OPENINGS
Insight Proudly Supports the Military and Veterans
A large percentage of Insight's employees are members of the National Guard and Reserves, and we proudly support their continuing service to our country.
Access CareFirst Machine-Readable Files
Insight is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics.
CONTACT
CONTACT
Inquiries
For any inquiries, questions, or commendations, please call 301-860-1121 or fill out the following form
Contact Us
Headquarters Office
170 Jennifer Rd Ste 130
Annapolis, MD 21401
​
Tel: 301-860-1121
Fax: 301-860-1971
First Name
Last Name
Email
Subject
Message
Submit
Thanks for submitting!
© 2023 Insight Technology Solutions, LLC
bottom of page