Products | Gricar
Integratori dietetici – Cosmetici – Medical Device – lavorazione conto terzi e soluzioni logistiche
Dietary supplements - Cosmetics - Medical Device - full service manufacturing and logistic solution
Home
Company
Company
History
Staff
Products
Intended use
Product Lines
Catalogue Download
Contract basis
Services and History
Words and Numbers
Methods and Quality
Formulas and Active Ingredients
Products
Brochure pdf download
Estimate
Contacts
Products
Indended use
Product lines
Since 1970 Gricar has been formulating, producing and directly distributing all its products, which derive from a cutting edge technology and a philosophy where natural welfare has always been put first as a form of prevention and self-care. Gricar’s choice for naturalness come from taking Man as a whole, inside whom the state of wellbeing is the combination of several factors whose keyword is balance.
The same balance that Gricar applies to the formulation of its products to merge effectiveness and safety, innovation and tradition, research and development. From our way of being and our way of working came the idea of integrated phytotherapy, where the principles of phytotherapy have jointed the nutritional integration ones to set up products that are as much as possible in step with everybody’s health needs. That is the reason why Gricar was the first company that has set up the strong special-free project through the production of preparations with no direct gluten sources, lactose and sugar-free, OGM-free, with no added colouring matter and preservative, also suitable for categories with special food-related risks, for a thoroughly safe and natural well-being. From these things came out our great interest to children, by producing a baby’s line of products, specially conceived for children and taking particular care for dosing, taste and origin of raw materials.
Italian
Russian
Spanish
Search products
Reserved Areas
Client area access
Doctor area access
Careers
List of offers
LABORATORI E PRODUZIONE
Tel. 039.883254/55 - Fax 039.883688
UFFICI COMMERCIALI
Tel. 039.882144 R.A. - Fax 039.884343
Gricar Chemical S.r.l.
• Via San Giuseppe, 18/20 • CAP: 20861 • Brugherio • MB
© 2006-2016 Gricar Chemical S.r.l. - P.IVA 00725340962
Area riservata