Caimi - Acoustic Products & Interiors Solutions
Menu
Search
Search for:
IT
EN
FR
DE
ES
Interiors
Products
Collections
Inspirations
Projects
Catalogue
Snowsound
Products
Collections
Inspirations
Projects
Technologies
Acoustic tools
Catalogue
Open Lab
The idea
Research Center
No Profit Research
About Caimi
Company profile
History
Designers
Awards
Sustainability
Video
News
News
Special Events
About us
Downloads
Catalogues
Dwg
3D Software
Since 75 years,
close to people,
close to the future
One philosophy to understand space, two ways for its interpretation
INTERIORS
Office, Home & Contract Solutions
SNOWSOUND
Acoustic Products & Textiles
SALONE DEL MOBILE 2024
OPEN LAB
A research and experimentation
laboratory where new materials
and technologies can be developed
SNOWSOUND CATALOGUE 2024
SUSTAINABILITY
Conscious design, quality, performance, circular economy, certifications and nowledge management
ABOUT CAIMI
A company that evolves over time
DESIGNERS & MASTERS
The protagonists of industrial design are two: the designer and the company. For years we have been collaborating with great designers and emerging young designers to create products that are always in line with market demands
AWARDS
Our products are exhibited in international design museums have we received more than 70 accolades and awards worldwide, including three German Design Awards and three Compasso d’oro awards.
Caimi Brevetti S.p.A.
Via Brodolini 25/27
20834 Nova Milanese (MB) Italy
Contacts
Ufficio Vendite Italia
: 0362.491001
Export department
: +39.0362.491002
Business divisions:
Interiors
Snowsound
Open Lab
Reserved Area
Follow Us:
Privacy Policy
© 2024 Caimi. All Rights Reserved - P.I.00889250965 - C.F. 08021020154 - C.S. € 413.168 I.V. - REA 1200677 - C.C.I.A.A MILANO
We use some cookies on our site that allow you to have the best possible experience by remembering your preferences on previous visits. By clicking "Accept all", you consent to the use of ALL cookies. However, you can visit the "Cookie Settings" to consent more wisely.
Cookie Settings
Reject All
Accept All
Manage consent
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Read More
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
Cookie
Duration
Description
cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary
1 year
This cookie records consent for cookies in the "Necessary" category.
cookielawinfo-checkbox-non-necessary
1 year
This cookie records consent for cookies in the "Analytics" category.
CookieLawInfoConsent
1 year
This cookie records the consent given on the cookie bar (viewed_cookie_policy) and the values of cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary and cookielawinfo-checkbox-non-necessary. In accordance with CCPA regulations.
PHPSESSID
session
The PHPSESSID cookie is a native PHP cookie and allows websites to store session state data.
viewed_cookie_policy
1 year
This cookie records the consent given on the cookie bar.
wordpress_test_cookie
session
Test if cookie can be set. WordPress also sets wordpress_test_cookie cookie to check if the cookies are enabled on the browser to provide appropriate user experience to the users. This cookie is used on the front-end, even if you are not logged in.
wp-wpml_current_language
24 hours
Stores the current language. This cookie is enabled by default on sites that use the Language filtering for AJAX operations feature.
Analytics
Analytics
Analytics cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics of number of visitors, bounce rate, source of traffic, etc.
Cookie
Duration
Description
1P_JAR
30 days
[Google, Youtube] Used to customize ads on Google searches.
CONSENT
1 year
[Google, Youtube] Stores your preferences and information whenever you visit web pages containing Google services.
DV
7 minutes
[Google, Youtube] Stores your preferences and information whenever you visit web pages containing Google services.
GPS
30 minutes
[Youtube] This cookie is used to store information such as your favorite page configuration and playback preferences.
NID
6 months
[Google, Youtube] This cookie contains a unique ID used to remember your preferences and other information.
OGPC
24 hours
[Google] Stores user preferences and information each time they visit web pages containing Google services.
OTZ
1 month
[Google, Youtube] Stores your preferences and information whenever you visit web pages containing Google services.
PREF
2 years
[Youtube] This cookie is used to store information such as your favorite page configuration and playback preferences.
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
6 months
[Youtube] This cookie contains a unique ID that is used to store your preferences and other information. It is also used to detect and resolve problems with the service.
YSC
session
[Youtube] This cookie is used by YouTube to store input and associate user actions.
_ga
2 years
[Google Analytics] Used to distinguish users.
_gat_*
1 minute
[Google Analytics] Used to accelerate the request rate. The * is the ID of the property.
_gid
24 hours
[Google Analytics] Used to distinguish users.
SAVE & ACCEPT