Veco - Veco
Veco - Veco
Reserved area
IT
-
EN
About us
Products
Climma
Self Contained air-conditioning system
Centralized air-conditioning system
Accessories
Climma Misting systems
Climma ventilation systems
VecoHub
Frigoboat
Frigomatic 12-24V systems
FRIDGES, FREEZERS AND WINE COOLERS
Ice makers
A.C. refrigeration systems
Cold rooms
VecoHub
Fischer Panda
MARINE GENERATORS
Vehicle generators
Military generators and special projects
Electric and hybrid drive systems
Service and support
Services
Dealers and service centers
Documentation
News
News
Events
Portfolio
Contacts
IT
-
EN
Since 1971
Marine air-conditioning and refrigeration solutions
our products
Marine air-conditioning and HVAC solutions
Marine refrigeration solutions
Generators and electric propulsion systems
Services & Support
Services
Dealers and service centers
Documentation
News & Events
Join our newsletter to always remain updated on Veco’s world, our products, news and events.
Show all
VecoHub on Nautech
Find out more on VecoHub on the latest Nautech issue!...
Seasons Greetings from Veco
Seasons Greetings from Veco...
Veco launches new products at METS
VecoHub – Centralized control for Veco systems Veco presents the new VecoHub system, for a...
21
May
Navalia
21-23 May 2024 Come and meet us in Vigo for the Na...
Show all
Stay up to date
Join our newsletter to be always updated on Veco world, our products, news and events.
Subscribe now
Stay updated on news
×
---Select---
Equipment suppliers
Agent
Shipyard
Dealer
Journalist
Service center
Designer
Surveyor
Providers
Captain
Crew member
Boat owner
I have read and accepted the information on the processing of personal data explained in the
Privacy Policy
We use MailChimp as our marketing automation platform. Submitting this form, you acknowledge that the information you provide will be transferred to MailChimp for processing in accordance with their
Privacy Policy
and
Terms
. You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us, or by contacting us at
info@veco.net
Testimonials
Elena Lappon
Shareholder - Cantieri Mostes
We are a shipyard dedicated to construction and refit works, and therefore we have been working with Veco for many years because their products are present in many boats. For our latest construction, a displacement steel and aluminium boat of 80 feet, we chose Veco as a partner for the air conditioning system.
We decided to work with Veco for the professionality of the Veco team, the absolute quality of the products supplied but also for the design solutions that they proposed to us, always adapted to our needs and following the physiological changes that projects always have.
For this reason we ensure excellent references.
Ian Gorringe
Managing director - Penguin Refrigeration Ltd.
Over the last 20 years, at Penguin Refrigeration Ltd, we have supplied our customers with standard and custom Frigoboat and Climma products, making us a market leader in the UK. Thanks to Veco, the partnership has allowed innovation in design with customers turning their dream ideas into well-engineered, quality-finished production models. The excellent customer service from Veco with their understanding of the situation is built on a strong distributers network that we are proud to be part of.
Mikael Strengell
Head of Engineering - Baltic Yachts
We have been using Climma Air conditioning system for several projects, and we have found that the service and response time on trouble shooting works very well. The technical department is very knowledgeable and always prepared to help on short notice, even during off hours.
Michelangelo Pucci
Technical department - SanLorenzo SpA
The technical collaboration with the Veco company has been since the very beginning, very effective and collaborative, together we have found innovative solutions and they have always followed our needs; they are quick and willing to follow the changes that arise during project development, always providing good documentation and correct and exhaustive answers.
Even the people I've worked with always have always given their best, and they are always polite and courteous, while technically very well prepared; so I sincerely hope that our collaboration continues for many years to go.
Thank you all.
Kræn Nielsen
CEO - X-Yachts
X-Yachts have been using Veco as a supplier for aircons, fridges, freezers, wine coolers and ice makers for many years.
The Veco supply chain, their technical support and aftersales has always been able to meet X-Yachts and our costumers high expectations related to our premium yacht.
Flavia Proietti
Production director - C-Catamarans
FischerPanda generators are appreciated by our customers as they are silent and compact, essential characteristics on a fast catamaran. Veco products are also mounted on boats intended for tropical climates where greater efficiency is required.
Alessandro Borrini
Head of Product Engineering - Azimut Yachts
The experience gained with Veco over the past twelve years has been and is still positive. Products combine small dimensions with satisfactory performances. The technical support during the project is also very good.
Stefano Salvadori
Operations Manager - DellaPasqua DC
We have been purchasing air conditioning systems from Veco for at least 25 years, we truly believe its products to be of high quality and reliability. We also appreciate the qualities of all Veco team, for the technical skills, for the availability of each department from the design to the after-sales, without forgetting the commercial and administrative area.
Sergio Liguori
Purchase Director - Fiart Mare SpA
Instead of a simple reference, I prefer to describe in a few lines the history of my experience from 1987 up to today. My relationship with Veco started with Carlo Formenti and G.B., and within the same period of Vincenzo Montella. I believed in Veco from the very first moment inspired by their courtesy. Since many years, we have been followed by Eng. Stefano Radaelli,
who is a very professional, competent and modest person. The products, also thanks to the accurate feedback of our Eng. Romano, offer excellent operation and a great performance.
This is what Veco is for me and we are sure that our brands will grow even more together
Alessandro Pera
Technical Manager - Adriasail
Veco has started working with our shipyard with the Grand Soleil 80 CL project. The quality of the product and the service network makes them one of the leading brands of Italian sailing yachting business.
Flavia Proietti
Production director - Comar
Veco and FischerPanda products have been successfully installed on all the Comar boats range and over the years have always demonstrated reliability and efficiency.
Follow us
CONTATTI
Via General Cantore 6
20833 Giussano (MB)
Italy
Tel.
+39 0362 35321
Fax
+39 0362 852995
info@veco.net
USEFUL LINKS
Term of sales
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms and conditions
VECO S.P.A
© 2021 Veco S.p.A
All Rights Reserved
P.IVA 00832290969
Capitale Sociale € 1.137.400 i.v.
Rea n. 1112021