Prometeon
Products
Services
Our World
Sustainability
Innovation
People
Media
Contact us
en
Sustainability
Development that ensures present needs and future generations abilities
Innovation
Driving to the future
People
We want people who leave a mark
Our World
Driving passion everywhere
Who we are
Prometeon Tyre Group manufactures and sells
tires
especially for industry, transport of goods and passengers, and AGRO and OTR applications.
Officially established in 2017 as a spin-off from the industrial division of PIRELLI Tyre, Prometeon starts its path producing and selling PIRELLI branded tires.
Nowadays, the company is progressively developing a multi-brand and multi-product approach, widening its
technological expertise
.
Each tire is the result of
#PrometeonTechnology
engineering work focused on innovation with the aim of offering the right solution to our customers
Employees
8000
Researchers
100
Factories
4
R&D Centers
4
Who we are
Governance
Here we have our own way of working to bring big results everywhere!
Cinzia Madonna
HR
Unity means strength to grow and develop with #courage our own skills.
Giuseppe Di Maro
R&D – Industalization
Prometeon is concerned not only with our Physical well-being, but also with our Psycological Health.
Erika Mabel
Commecial Americas
BE responsible to grant a lasting and transparent relationship with the stakeholders.
Luiz Moraes Duarte Junior
Internal Audit - Brazil
We would not achieve the same results in our work without #passion. How? We give our best everyday.
Francesca Maione
Demand Planning & Pricing
Previous
Next
OUR PEOPLE
#Prometeon Family
There are more than 8,000 people in the #PrometeonFamily.
Prometeon operates across the globe and it is driven by principles of internationalism and multiculturalism. 53% of our people are #millennials, from more than 32 different countries and the average age is 38 years.
We work together, embracing this great diversity as an integral part of our culture in Prometeon
Our People
Become one of us
We want people who leave a mark.
We are looking for people with open-mindedness, strong willingness to learn, grow and continuously raise the bar.
If you are ready for your future… JOIN US!
Our Opportunities
More than 100 years of
Innovation
The heart of the group's technological innovation are Research and Development centres in Italy, Brazil and Turkey, where researchers and engineers mix the knowledge accumulated in decades of experience and passion, with the creativity of young people from universities and startups, to produce what we call "Prometeon Engineered Technology". This is revolutionizing the way of designing and manufacturing tires for industrial vehicles
Innovation
Our Products
Tire Solutions for Professionals
Prometeon Tire Group is the only tire manufacturer specialized in goods and people transport also active in agro and off-the-road tires field. Our products and services are the result of passion and commitment for quality, safety, sustainability, and innovation. Continuous investment in R&D is at the heart of Prometeon Technology, offering the market integrated and multi-branded technologically innovative products and services. These maximize efficiency and reduce costs, thanks to our strong partnerships with major Original Equipment Manufacturers and our collaboration with dealers and service partners
Products
Services
Brands
Our Offer
See All
Truck Tires
Agro Tires
OTR
Services
Let's talk
Get in touch if you have any questions for us
Name
Email
Corporate Directory
General Questions/Sales
Warranty/Claims
Message
Send Message
Loading...
Navigation
Who we are
People
Innovation
Catalogue
Whistleblowing
Brands
Dealer Locator
Governance
Services
Media & Press
Legal
Legal Information
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
We're social
Copyright (C) 2024 Prometeon Tyre Group S.R.L.
VAT nr. 09271680960
The Pirelli Logo Trademark Is Owned By Pirelli & C. S.P.A. And Used Under License