Tamini
Site Map
Contacts
Home
Industrial
Power
Services
Corporate
QHSE
Recruiting
SEARCH_SITE
GO
Home
Industrial
Power
Services
Corporate
QHSE
Recruiting
ITALIAN LEADERSHIP
Leader in the design and construction of industrial transformers
MADE IN ITALY
The quality of master craftsmanship combined with the most advanced technologies
TAMINI WORLDWIDE
Over 9,000 transformers in 90 nations worldwide
MADE TO MEASURE ITALIAN STYLE
Tamini designs its products based on each customer's requirements
STRONG INDUSTRIAL BACKGROUND
Tamini has been part of the Terna group since 2014
LOOKING TO THE FUTURE
Constant investments in research, development and innovation
ITALIAN KNOW-HOW
Tamini offers a team of experienced and qualified experts
FULL SERVICE
Not only design and production, but installation and service as well
ITALIAN EXCELLENCE
The combination between Tamini and TES allows to produce the best transformers in the world since 2015
TAILOR-MADE QUALITY
Tamini combines the care and attention of master craftsmanship with the most sophisticated technologies
Industrial
APPLICATIONS
Tamini produces furnace transformers, reactors, power and rectifier transformers of high quality and reliability, designed to satisfy the most diverse Industrial Customers requirements.
Power
APPLICATIONS
Tamini designs power transformers for the electricity generation, transmission and distribution, Phase Shifting Transformers and shunt reactors from both conventional and renewable sources, to satisfy the most demanding Power Customers requirements.
Service
Quality, installation and assistance
Tamini guarantees its customers high-quality technical assistance in each phase of the transformer life cycle thanks to a team of experienced specialists and a complete service portfolio.
Products Focus
No. 4 250 MVA Power Transformers for Voith Hydro
Final destination Manitoba Hydro Substation, Canada.
Rated power: 250 MVA - Primary voltage: 230 kV
No. 4 PSTs for CEPS, the Czech Republic TSO
The 4 PSTs optimize the energy transmission from Germany, reducing the risk of blackouts and ensuring the continuity and efficiency of the network service.
Rated power: 850 MVA - Primary voltage: 420 kV
Read more
Top News
Welcome BRUGG CABLES
We are very glad to welcome Brugg Cables as a new member of the Terna Group. Brugg is a transmission ...
Work with us!
Visit our new website page.                     
Post a resume or apply to a job!
Read more
Corporate video
TAMINI
WE ARE TAMINI - 2018
TES
Tamini: Italian leadership in design and construction of energy transformers.
Tamini is the leading Italian company in the world for the design and production of industrial, power and special transformers.


Founded in 1916 in Milan, it supplies its products to the most important industrial sectors (i.e. steel, aluminum, mining, oil & gas, chemical and transportation) and the most highly qualified operators in the electrical energy sector (production, distribution and transmission).
Legal Note
×
Legal Note
TAMINI TRASFORMATORI S.R.L. © All rights reserved The domains tamini.it and tamini.com are the property of the company “TAMINI TRASFORMATORI S.R.L.”
Registered office: Viale Cadorna 56/A, Legnano, which, as the parent company of Tamini Group, created the group website which can be accessed at www.tamini.it and www.tamini.com
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE OF THE TAMINI GROUP WEBSITE - USERS OF OUR WEBSITE ARE ASKED TO FOLLOW THE TERMS OF USE GIVEN HERE BELOW
Trademarks and distinctive signs
The trademarks and distinctive signs published on the website are the property of TAMINI TRASFORMATORI S.R.L., or the companies within the TAMINI Group. Access to the website does not bestow upon the visitor any rights to use the trademarks and distinctive signs published therein, without the written permission of their respective owners.
Intellectual property
All material published on this website is protected by intellectual property rights, in accordance with local regulations concerning the protection of copyright rules (in particular the Berne Convention and Law 633/1941 and subsequent amendments).
The documentation, the products, the catalog and images, fonts, graphics and other content of the website, as well as all codes and format scripts to implement the same, are owned by TAMINI TRASFORMATORI S.R.L. or the companies forming part of the TAMINI group.
Access to the website does not bestow on the visitor the right to appropriate, reproduce, modify, distribute, re-publish, in any form, partial or otherwise, the information contained in it, without the express written consent of TAMINI TRASFORMATORI S.R.L. and/or any third parties holding the corresponding rights of use and/or reproduction.
Any reproduction, distribution, publication, copying, transmission, sale, adaptation etc. of the content of the website is prohibited.
Links
Any links to the website from third-party sites may only be placed following prior written permission from TAMINI TRASFORMATORI S.R.L. and in any case shall be made.
Content
This site does not contain editorial products nor can it be configured as a newspaper and the dissemination of any material on the website does not have a periodic nature, being conditioned by the availability of the material itself.
Miscellaneous Provisions
Any limitations of liability on the website are not intended to limit or exclude liability for TAMINI TRASFORMATORI S.R.L. in cases where it may not be excluded or limited under the applicable national law.
You are reminded that by accessing this website you agree that the laws and regulations of the Republic of Italy are applicable for all matters relating to your use of this website.
Tamini Trasformatori s.r.l. © All rights reserved
exclusively for the home page of the website. Linking to internal pages using techniques such as deep-linking, framing, scraping or data mining is prohibited and any violations will be prosecuted under the law.
Close
|
Privacy
Tamini Trasformatori S.r.l.
Headquarters: Viale Cadorna, 56/A - 20025 Legnano (Milano) – Italy -
info@tamini.it
- Ph. +39.02 98205 100 - VAT number 00891770158 - Cap. € 2.066.000,00