Gruppo Gimoka - Coffee Roasting, Hot Beverage, Private Label Coffee
Gimoka Group
Brands
Private Label
Private Label coffee
Compatible capsules
Nespresso®* Compatible capsules
Lavazza®* Compatible capsules
Nescafè®* Dolce Gusto®* Compatible capsules
Caffitaly®* Compatible capsules
Keurig®* K-Cup®* Compatible capsules
Closed-system GM3 capsules
Pods
Nespresso®* Professional®* Compatible pods
ESE 44MM Paper pods
SENSEO®* Compatible pods
Coffee beans
Ground Coffee
Soluble Drinks
Quality
News
Contact
Contact us
Join our Team
ENG
ITA
Gimoka Group: global player in the hot beverage world
Read more
International partner for private label projects
Read more
Smart Factory: resource optimization, quality, industry 4.0
Read more
Integrated supply chain: from raw material selection to in-cup quality
Read more
Previous
Next
POSITIONING
Gimoka Group’s philosophy: coffee and beverages become part of everyone’s daily routine.
Read more
FACTORY 4.0
Efficiency, quality and sustainability of processes thanks to state-of-the-art plants designed with 4.0 in mind.
Read more
BUSINESS MODEL
With a rich portfolio of its own brands, Gimoka Group is also a partner for private label and co-packing solutions.
Read more
PRODUCT CATEGORIES
Gimoka Group, among the Italian leaders operating internationally in the coffee and instant beverage industry.
Read more
OUR NUMBERS
35 K
TONS
green coffee
4 K
TONS
soluble beverages
800
MILLION CAPSULES
compatible and closed-system
6
ROASTERS
of coffee
+65
PARTNERS
globally
24
PATENTS
registered
87
COUNTRIES
global presence
5
SITES
of production
Private Label Coffee
Gimoka Group is a partner of Private Label solutions in the coffee and soluble beverages market with high quality and innovative standards, counting among its clients the most important large-scale retail chains, both Italian and foreign, as well as leading global roasting companies.
Read more
OUR CERTIFICATES
GIMOKA GROUP
The story of the Gimoka Group is a love story – the love of coffee. Since its foundation, the Gimoka Group has pursued two goals – to provide quality coffee to whoever wants it and to become the “roaster of choice” by creating an integrated all-channel, all-product supply chain that is accessible to all. Today, the Gimoka Group is one of Italy’s leading hot beverage companies operating internationally, which provides a wide range of products for all sales channels. In recent years, the historical core business of the roasting company has expanded to include the production of soluble beverage items for the Home and Out Of Home channel, with a focus on the development of allergen-free products that are suitable for the growing demand for diets that do not contain foods of animal origin.
The Group operates with the aim of spreading its love affair with coffee and quality soluble beverageso each and every home, café, office and other catering outlets, providing the ideal product for each consumer, drawing on its widespread, international distribution and depth of range to satisfy all tastes, traditions and consumption patterns. The Gimoka Group is, indeed, capable of satisfying all types of demand in terms of raw material sourcing and type of raw material, blends, sizes, packaging and preparation technology not only for coffee but also for a wide range of soluble beverages (tea, barley, ginseng, various cappuccinos, chocolate, milk, vegan and allergen-free products).
Read more
2024 © Gruppo Gimoka S.p.A.
Indirizzo sede legale: Via Fratelli Gracchi 42
20092 – Cinisello Balsamo (MI)
Join our team
|
Privacy Policy
|
Cookie Policy
|
Credits
P.IVA: IT00177230141 - C.F.: 01913150130 - C.C.I.A.A. di Milano n. 01913150130 - REA n. MI-1816594 - Capitale sociale versato: 2.361.427,18 €