Mirabello Carrara | Household linen
Mirabello Carrara
Exlusive linen for your home
OUR HISTORY IS WRITTEN BY TRADITION, STYLE AND THE REFINED ELEGANCE THAT ENRICH EVERY HOUSE WITH A TOUCH OF A REAL CLASS.
                    FOR YEARS WE EXPORT THE DESIGN, EXCLUSIVITY AND CRAFTSMANSHIP OF A 100% MADE IN ITALY PRODUCTION ALL OVER THE WORLD.
We fascinate the lovers of fine living with refined collections of linen, able to seduce body and soul.
History
Mirabello Carrara S.p.A. was born in 2012 from the merge of two historic maisons active in the marketing of Home Fashion products: Mirabello and Carrara.
                                Mirabello made his debut in 1978, when he opened a store specializing in household linen in Brera, Milan's artistic district par excellence. Its collections represent the perfect balance between contemporary design and the renowned tailoring of the Como district.
Carrara was founded in 1948 and since then has been known for its sophisticated terry collections with a strong aesthetic effect, capable of giving a touch of glamor even to the homes of the most demanding customers.
A perfectly successful combination, thanks to a top class licensing portfolio: since 2011 Mirabello Carrara is in fact the exclusive worldwide licensee of Roberto Cavalli, one of the most popular Italian brands among a cosmopolitan public. The disruptive creativity of the Florentine fashion house, which dresses international celebrities, becomes the stylistic signature of the homonymous home collection, distributed in the most exclusive department stores around the world.
                                In 2015 Mirabello Carrara signed an exclusive license contract with Trussardi, a prestigious fashion house synonymous with lifestyle and excellence. The home linen collection pays tribute to the brand's philosophy to blend sophisticated design with the highest artisan expertise, restoring the iconic themes dear to Trussardi in the classic contemporary style of the renowned greyhound.
In 2016 the additional exclusive license of the iconic and irreverent Diesel brand is acquired with the launch of the Diesel Living Home Linen collection: textured fabrics and strong industrial inspiration for urban-chic collections.
Company Profile
Collections
Mirabello Carrara can boast two noble house brands - Mirabello and Carrara - but also an exclusive top class license portfolio: Roberto Cavalli, glamorous brand with international appeal, Trussardi, synonymous with Italian lifestyle, and Diesel, a brand with a strong urban chic inspiration.
Unmistakable style, precious materials, high-end finishes for an unforgettable brand experience, which today translates into the presence of the most qualified international stores.
Download Collection
Interested in our products?
Write us to find the nearest store.
info@mirabellocarrara.it
2023 © Mirabello Carrara S.P.A. | Via Einstein, 9/11 20821 Meda (MI) | VAT. 02231540960 - C.F.  06399280152
privacy e cookie policy
|
Covid-19 procedures
|
code of conduct
|
supplier code of conduct
|
organizational model
|
company profile
|
sustainability report
|
declaration of conformity