Motion Control Solutions | Kollmorgen | Industrial Servomotors Servo Drives AC DC Motors
Skip to main content
Language
English
Deutsch
简体中文
Italiano
Türkçe
Português, Brasil
Français
Top Navigation
Downloads
Contact Us
Products
Applications
Design Tools
Resources
Support
About Us
Don't know if you need a servo or stepper?
Read our white paper
Products Sub Menu
Motion Systems
Automation Platform
Kollmorgen Automation Suite™ Overview
Software
Controller Hardware
AKT2G I/O Devices for KAS
KSM Safety Solutions
KAS Network Cables
Servo Systems
2G Motion System
Motors
Servo Motors
AKM2G Servo Motor
AKM Family
Kollmorgen Goldline® Series Servo Motors
EKM Series Servo Motors
Serviced Motors
Direct Drive Linear and Rotary Motors
TBM2G Series Frameless
Cartridge DDR®
Housed D & DH
KBM Series Frameless
TBM Series Frameless
RBE Series Frameless
Direct Drive Linear Motors
Stepper Motors
PMX Series
POWERMAX M and P series
POWERPAC K and N Series
E&H Hybrid Series
High Torque
CT Series
Serviced Motors
Washdown Food Grade
Stainless Steel AKMH Series
AKMA Servo Motor
AKM Washdown and Food Grade
STF Washdown Motor - Food Grade
Brush DC Motors
DC Torque Motors
Permanent Magnet DC (PMDC)
AC Synchronous Motors
SN3/SN4
KS & SS Series
Hazardous Duty Synchronous Motors
Explosion Proof
Goldline EB and EBH Series
EP Series Explosion Proof
MX Series Hazardous Duty
Drives
Servo Drives
AKD2G Servo Drive
AKD Family
S700
S300
S200
Serviced Drives
Stepper Drives
P8000 Stepper Drive
P5000 Stepper Drive
P6000 Stepper Drive
AGV Systems
AGV Controls Solution
Accessories
Servo Cables
Regen Resistors
Accessories for Digital Motion Systems in Europe
Gearheads
DuraTRUE™
EverTRUE™
NemaTRUE™
PowerTRUE™ Technology
RediMount™ System
UltraTRUE™
ValueTRUE™
XTRUE™
Applications Sub Menu
Aerospace & Defense
Agriculture
Automated Guided Vehicles
Electric Vehicle Batteries (EVB)
Food & Beverage
Industry 4.0
Machine Tools
Medical Imaging
Medical and Laboratory Automation
Metal Forming
Oil & Gas
Packaging & Converting
Pharmaceutical
Postal & Parcel Sorting
Printing
Robotics
Safety
Tire & Rubber
Compare Products
Product Selectors
Download Drawings
3D Models
Size an Application
Motioneering
Generate Performance Curves
Housed Performance Curve Generator (PCGH)
Generate Performance Curves
Performance Curve Generator Tools
Design a Stepper System
Stepper Optimizer
Calculate Safe Braking
AKD2G Safe Dynamic Braking Calculator
Find the support you need
(Kollmorgen Developer Network)
Support Home
Support Sub Menu
Support by Product
Community
Product Training
AGV Partner Portal
Classroom Training
Contact Us
Downloads
Partners' Information
Suppliers' Area
Have You Considered a Frameless Motor?
Read More
Resources Sub Menu
Blog in Motion
Brochure & Catalogs
Kollmorgen Product Technologies
Success Stories
Video Gallery
Webinars
White Papers
Engineer the Exceptional
Learn More
About Us Sub Menu
Careers at Kollmorgen
Distributor Locator
Engineer the Exceptional
Environmental, Social and Governance Commitments
History
Kollmorgen Values & Culture
Press Releases
Tradeshows & Events
Worldwide Locations
Kollmorgen is Precision Motion
Motors • Drives • Automation Platforms • Automated Guided Vehicle Controls
Learn More
Unlocking Design Possibilities with Frameless Motors
17 May 2024
| 11 a.m. ET
​​​Learn how frameless motors can optimize performance, minimize size, and ensure reliable operation in washdown, submersible, vacuum and other extreme environments.​​
Register Now
Mastering Dynamic Motion: Revolutionizing Exoskeletons
22 May 2024
| 11 a.m. ET
In the realm of robotics, exoskeletons stand at the forefront of innovation, promising transformative possibilities in mobility enhancement and industrial augmentation. As the demand surges across diverse sectors such as military and logistics, the rehabilitation sector for exoskeletons is especially primed for growth due to aging populations and increasing disabilities
Register Now
Explore Kollmorgen Products
Introducing the newly updated AKD2G servo drive featuring expanded time-synchronized communication protocols
The new AKD2G servo drive features new communication protocols that support easier integration with third-party controllers while delivering industry-leading performance. The AKD2G servo drive update allows for synchronized motion between multiple drives using a wide variety of control architectures. Thanks to its flexibility and high performance, AKD2G is the ideal drive for use in applications that require highly precise coordination across multiple axes of motion. Learn all the benefits and specifications.
Learn More
TBM2G Series Frameless >
These next-generation frameless motors deliver high torque density for your most compact, lightest electromagnetic package, standard sizing for harmonic gearing, and scalable design to keep you on top of your global production needs.
AKD Servo Drive >
AKD® Series is a proven perfomer, supporting the largest customer installed base, and offers:
Industry leading motion control loops
Extensive motor feedback and drive fieldbus support including EtherCAT, EtherNet/IP, Profinet RT, etc.
Plug-and-play with Kollmorgen motors
WorkBench GUI, acclaimed for customer experience and usability
Direct Drive Linear Motors >
A Direct Drive Linear (DDL) motor is basically a rotary motor that is laid out flat and directly coupled to the driven load, eliminating the need for ball/lead screws, rack and pinions, belts/pulleys and gearboxes.
AKM™ Series Servo Motor >
Our best-in-class, high-performance servomotors offer a wide range of mounting, connectivity, feedback and other options. More than 500,000 standard models are available along with co-engineered modifications to suit almost any application requirement.
Explore Industry Solutions
Medical Imaging >
Robotics >
Automated Guided Vehicles >
View all
0
+
global manufacturing and support centers
1 Million+
standard products
0
+
years of experience and expertise
Are you ready to start designing?
We offer a variety of online tools for sizing & selection, performance evaluation and product selection.
Compare Products
Product Selectors
Download Drawings
3D Models
Size an Application
Motioneering
Generate Performance Curves
Housed Performance Curve Generator (PCGH)
Generate Performance Curves
Performance Curve Generator Tools
Design a Stepper System
Stepper Optimizer
Calculate Safe Braking
AKD2G Safe Dynamic Braking Calculator
Kollmorgen Product Support & Education
Kollmorgen offers training, product information and technical support online in a variety of formats. From webinars to product manuals and the latest software & firmware to an online library of support articles and questions from our community. We are here to support you through your entire project.
Support Articles
Training & Webinars
Community Topics
Product Documentation
AGV Partner Portal
Contact Us
Latest From Kollmorgen
Have You Considered a Frameless Motor?  >
When most engineers think of a brushless DC servo motor, they’re likely to visualize a housing with a flange to accept mounting bolts, connectors to accept power and data cables, and a rotor shaft that couples to the load. That’s the most common…
Announcement of Kollmorgen’s New General Manager >
We are pleased to announce that Johan Lundblad has accepted the role as General Manager at Kollmorgen, Autonomous Mobile Solutions division, effective April 12, 2024.
Unlocking Design Possibilities with Frameless Motors >
17 May 2024
| 11 a.m. ET
​​​Learn how frameless motors can optimize performance, minimize size, and ensure reliable operation in washdown, submersible, vacuum and other extreme environments.​​
Register Now
Mastering Dynamic Motion: Revolutionizing Exoskeletons >
22 May 2024
| 11 a.m. ET
In the realm of robotics, exoskeletons stand at the forefront of innovation, promising transformative possibilities in mobility enhancement and industrial augmentation. As the demand surges across diverse sectors such as military and logistics, the…
Register Now
Kollmorgen expands AKD2G versatility with launch of new synchronized communication protocols  >
The updated Kollmorgen AKD2G servo drive features new communication protocols that support easier integration with third-party controllers while delivering industry-leading performance.
Exoskeletons at Scale: Accelerating the Transition from R&D to Full-rate Production >
The exoskeleton market is still in its infancy — but evolving quickly and ripe with opportunity. It’s a double-edged sword for OEMs who must identify the most impactful applications and crack the code on full-scale production, which presents a new…
Advancing Exoskeleton Technology: Key Motion and Motor Design Considerations  >
When it comes to exoskeletons, motion design and motor selection are make-or-break steps in the engineering process. Here we explore key considerations and insights for success.
Greater Comfort & Safe Mobility in Exoskeleton Design >
As the exoskeleton market evolves, how can OEMs design for greater comfort, mobility and reliability? Read the blog to learn more.
Adjusting Standard Motion Profiles to Optimize Operating Speed and Time >
Adjusting Standard Motion Profiles to Optimize Operating Speed and Time: Learn more about simple profile adjustments that can preserve motion, move time and provide memorable profiles.​​​​
Watch Now
Contact Us
Products
Motion Systems
Motors
Drives
AGV Systems
Accessories
Gearheads
Sign Up For Our Emails
First Name
Last Name
Email
© 2024 Kollmorgen. All rights reserved.
Distributor Locator |
Supplier Info |
Privacy Policy
|
Site Disclaimer
|
Sitemap