Nickel and Co | Distribution of nickel powder and other metals
Toggle navigation
Home
Products Distributed
About Us
Contact Us
versione italiana
NICKEL AND COBALT ARE OUR JOB
Distribution of Nickel Powder and other metals
About Us
Products
NICKEL AND COBALT ARE OUR JOB
Distribution of Nickel Powder and other metals
About Us
Products
PRODUCTS DITRIBUTED
We specialized in distributing metal powders and other products based on Nickel and Cobalt. These products are used in a number of applications such as: Catalysts, Ceramics & Pigments, Plating, Powder Metallurgy, Batteries, Magnets and many more.
METAL POWDERS
nickel powder
selenium powder
carbonyl nickel powder
METALS
cobalt
COBALT SALTS
cobalt sulphate
cobalt oxide
cobalt hydroxide
ABOUT US
Since the '80s we are active in the chemical trade and commercial sector and we have over 40 years of experience in the distribution to multinationals, distributors and end users.
NICKEL AND COBALT ARE OUR JOB
The knowledge and experience accumulated in the metal and metal salts distribution has been retained in Nickel and Co Spa. We offer to our customers consultancy on metal trends, purchasing, repacking, consignment stock and other services that add value to our products. Thanks to our extensive network of warehouses, our logistic expertise and permanent stock of most products we are able to deliver quickly our products everywhere in the world. The turnover of the company is about 50 millions Euro, after the sale of a substantial part of the business. To guarantee the highest standard of service, Nickel and Co has a quality management system which complies with the standard UNI EN ISO 9001:
Quality and safety policy (PDF)
Business Priciples (PDF)
Contact Us
For additional information on the product we distribute, techinical specification or Material safety data sheet (MSDS), please contact us.
Nickel and Co S.r.l.
Via Marsala 3, 20900 Monza (MB), Italy
(+39) 039 2308919
(+39) 039 2315511
Registered Office & Headquarters:
Via Marsala 3, 20900 Monza (MB), Italy
VAT:
IT-04637950967 |
REA:
MI-1762780 |
Share Capital:
â‚¬ 2.500.000,00 f.p.
© Nickel and Co S.r.l. All right reserved
Privacy & Cookie Policy