Al Dahra Europe - Suc. Spain About Products Contact Sustainable farming Sustainable farming investment in agricultural innovation Previous Next About Al Dahra Europe SRL Suc Spain is a company dedicated to the processing, marketing and sale of forage. MANUFACTURING Al Dahra Europe is specialized in the production, international marketing and distribution of multiple forage varieties in the form of bales (Alfalfa, Alfalfa Mix, Rye Grass, Fescue) and pellets (Alfa Pellets, and High Fibre Pellets). Its annual production capacity currently exceeds 370,000 metric tons.
                    Al Dahra Europe owns and operates five production factories located in Ivars, Linyola, Bellvís, Torregrossa and Bujaraloz, and one distribution center located in Vila-sana. The Head Office is located in Fondarella, in the province of Catalonia. All production facilities operate to very high quality standards and are ISO 9001 certified FARMING As part of its cultivation strategy, the company ensures the selection of geographically favourable land such as the Ebro Valley area which is characterised by excellent irrigation conditions suitable for growing forage. Across various parts of Spain, about 21,000 acres of land are currently cultivated. In addition, the company ensures a healthy cultivation portfolio equally split amongst long-term land leasing contracts and local farmer supply contracts. SUPPLY CHAIN MAGEMENT The key attributes that differentiate Al Dahra Europe in the forage industry are the company’s commitment to selecting and processing the best raw materials resulting in optimum quality of its end-products, employing cutting-edge forage dehydration and packing technologies and building logistics capabilities to ensure increased management control over the entire supply chain. Al Dahra Fagavi has built long-term relations with the port of Barcelona, international shippers and inland transport operators, ensuring a seamless and competitive distribution of its products. DEHYDRATED ALFALFA MIXED GRASS RYE GRASS FESCUE DEHYDRATED CORN SILAGE DEHYDRATED ALFALFA PELLET STRAW PELLET Alfalfa is an excellent forage plant that provides high levels of quality protein, minerals and vitamins. Its energy value is also very high due to
                    the nitrogen value of forage. It is also a source of minerals such as calcium, phosphorus, potassium, magnesium, sulphur, etc. The alfalfa, once
                    collected from the fields, is mechanically conditioned and is dried by forced air. Dehydrated alfalfa increases the quality of the forage,
                    economizes transport and storage; preserving intact its nutritional characteristics. Data sheet Alfalfa is an excellent forage plant that provides high levels of quality protein, minerals and vitamins. Its energy value is also very high due to
                     the nitrogen value of forage. Along with cereal straw it makes a complete diet for animals. Data sheet Lolium multiflorum is a species belonging to the family of grasses, whose vulgar names in Spanish are, among others, annual ryegrass, Italian
                    ryegrass, margallo, Italian vallico, Italian vallico, Italian zácate, lolio and Italian ballica. It is a fodder plant that is grown in many countries to be
                    used as a feed for cattle. Data sheet Cynodon dactylon, commonly called Fescue is a perennial grass from the Poaceae family, native of northern Africa and southern Europe. . It is
                    also known for being the most abundant throughout the world. Bermuda grass is a forage plant cultivated in many countries for use as feed for
                    cattle. Bermuda grass forage is delicious, nutritious and of great strategic value at livestock farms. Data sheet Corn (Zea mays) is a plant belonging to the family of grasses, classified within the group of cereals. Corn is a summer fodder that in a few
                    months provides a high amount of dry matter, provided it does not lack water. The silage fitness of corn is good because it does not lack
                    carbohydrates to be transformed into lactic acid, presents a low buffering power that allows the pH to drop quickly and because the content of dry
                    matter is ensiled. Corn silage must have a low pH, close to or below 4, and the contents of ammonia nitrogen and soluble nitrogen must be less
                    than 10% and 50% of total nitrogen, respectively.
                    From a nutritional point of view, corn silage is a food of high energetic value, low protein value and low mineral content. The quality of corn silage
                    has improved in recent years, now being silage with higher starch content and lower in ashes. Data sheet Alfalfa and dehydrated forage, as well as in pellets, is advantageous for camels, sheep, pigs, goats, rabbits, etc. We offer a pellet with
                    diameters ranging between 5 and 6 mm.
                    Advantages over the bale format: Improved feed utilization by the animals. Different possibilities for protein presentation. Reduced transport cost. Straw is a highly fibrous product, it presents variations due to the species, the ecotype, the climatology... Most of the components of
                    straw are in his cellular wall, with an average of 73% in NDF distributed in 38% cellulose, 25% hemicellulose, 8% lignin and 0.2%
                    cutina It is a great contribution in long fiber. The protein content is relatively low, around 4%. ... Contact us info.aldahraeu@aldahra.com +34 973 718172 Spain 25244 Fondarella , Pol ind Les Basses, You can leave your message below and we will be back to you as soon as
            possible. I have read and accept the Privacy policy Submit × Política de calidad En ALDAHRA EUROPE SRL SUCURSAL EN ESPAÑA, el objetivo y compromiso adquirido con nuestros clientes finales, hace que trabajemos día a día en conseguir el equilibrio preciso que nos permita satisfacer tanto a nuestros agricultores, que nos confían sus producciones, como a las peticiones del mercado, que exigen productos cada día más completos.
          Nuestra política de calidad proporciona el marco de referencia para establecer los objetivos de calidad y seguridad alimentaria, asegurando la calidad de nuestros productos, así como la seguridad de los animales y consumidores finales.
          
          Por ello nos comprometemos a: Cumplir con los criterios de seguridad alimentaria y de calidad tal, y como se define en los estándares GMP+ aplicables e ISO 9001. Contribuir a la calidad y seguridad alimentaria en todos los puntos de la cadena alimentaria donde ALDAHRA EUROPE SUCURSAL EN ESPAÑA es activa. Nos comprometemos a realizar los productos de acuerdo con los requisitos definidos por las administraciones competentes y a adaptarnos a las necesidades de nuestras partes interesadas para poderles ofrecer un producto de acuerdo con sus perspectivas. Nos comprometemos también a cumplir los requisitos legales y reglamentarios vigentes, además de mejorar continuamente la eficacia de nuestro sistema de gestión de la calidad. Desarrollamos actividades en consonancia con las necesidades de los grupos de interés, teniendo en cuenta las perspectivas de nuestra empresa. Garantizamos que las actividades se perciban fiables, eficaces y eficientes para todos los grupos de interés. Destinamos el tiempo y los recursos necesarios, teniendo en cuenta la necesidad de informar y capacitar a los grupos de interés y a las personas internas sobre temas estratégicos y Seguridad alimentaria. Para todo ello queremos dar a nuestros clientes una servicio completo y ágil, como base para su satisfacción, y ser estrictos en la adecuación de nuestra actividad a la reglamentación que nos aplica. El cumplimiento de estas directrices es, ante todo, una responsabilidad de la Dirección, por lo que ésta se compromete a proveer al personal de todos los medios técnicos y formativos necesarios para cumplirla de manera que es conocida por todo el personal y se encuentra disponible para todas las partes interesadas. Close × Close Copyright © Aldahra Europe 2023 Legal notice Privacy policy ALFALSCAT : projecte finançat a través de l'Operació 16.01.01 de Cooperació per a la innovació del Programa de desenvolupament rural de Catalunya 2014-2022 Descarrega la Fitxa Incial (CA) Descarga la ficha incial (ES) Control Your Privacy Websites may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information is used to personalize your experience and is not usually linked to your identity. You can choose not to allow certain types of cookies, but it may affect your website experience. Learn more and change settings by clicking on the different categories. Understood Choose Which Cookies To Enable Toggle Strictly Necessary Strictly necessary cookies enable website functionality and cannot be turned off. They are typically set in response to actions you take, like setting privacy preferences, logging in, or filling in forms. You can block or receive alerts about these cookies, but some website features may not work. These cookies do not store personal information. Toggle Performance Performance cookies track site visits and traffic sources to measure and improve site performance. They provide information on popular pages and visitor behavior. The information collected is anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited the site and cannot monitor its performance. Toggle Targeting Targeting cookies are cookies that our advertising partners may set on our site. They use them to create a profile of your interests and show relevant ads on other sites. They do not store personal information, but use your browser and internet device's unique ID. Without these cookies, you will see less targeted ads. Toggle Functional Functional cookies improve your website experience through enhanced functionality and personalization. They are set by us or third-party providers. Without them, some or all of these services may not work properly. Confirm My Choices Compliance powered by This web portal only uses its own cookies for technical purposes, it does not collect or transfer personal data of users without their knowledge. However, it may contain links to third-party websites with privacy policies other than AL DAHRA EUROPE, S.R.L. SUCURSAL EN ESPAÑA that you may decide whether or not to accept when you access them. Understood Manage Settings

Welcome to Al Dahra Al Dahra Al Dahra Vision & Mission Executive Management A Diversified Business Portfolio An Integrated & Unique Business Model A Global Footprint and Unique Position Supply Chain Management Food Security Citizenship Al Dahra Edge Al Dahra Vision & Mission Al Dahra Executive Management Al Dahra A Diversified Business Portfolio Al Dahra An Integrated & Unique Business Model Al Dahra A Global Footprint and Unique Position Al Dahra Supply Chain Management Al Dahra Food Security Al Dahra Citizenship Al Dahra Al Dahra Edge Business Model Business Model Farming Forage & Feed Processing Strategic Sourcing and Trading Quality Management Business Model Farming Business Model Forage & Feed Business Model Processing Business Model Strategic Sourcing and Trading Business Model Quality Management Product Portfolio Product Portfolio Grains & Specialty Crops Rice Flour Dairy Fresh Produce Organic Product Portfolio Grains & Specialty Crops Product Portfolio Rice Product Portfolio Flour Product Portfolio Dairy Product Portfolio Fresh Produce Product Portfolio Organic Resources Resources News Releases Events and Exhibitions Multimedia Achievements Blog Resources News Releases Resources Events and Exhibitions Resources Multimedia Resources Achievements Resources Blog Careers Careers Talent Development Browse Openings Apply Careers Talent Development Careers Browse Openings Careers Apply Compliance Suppliers if_icon-111-search_314807 en ar es ru zh Company Overview Building on its geographic diversification strategy, Al Dahra has established presence in the Northern and Southern hemispheres of the globe. Our Values Integrity Building trust with customers, communities, suppliers and one another by doing what is right Transparency Ensuring openness, communication, and accountability in our various engagements Service Excellence Building an organizational culture based on service and operational excellence in thought and in execution Social Responsibility Being a good citizen, giving back to the community and complying with regulations Learn More Sustainability Report 2022 We are delighted to present to you Al Dahras Sustainability Report 2022. Our report communicates our efforts and their impact on the environment, social and governance areas. We hope that this report will encourage us to strengthen our ESG journey and explore far greater opportunities to deliver significant impact ahead. View Report Food Security Recognizing the challenges posed by climate change and global warming and the continuing decrease in cultivable land and diminishing water resources available for farming, Al Dahra emphasizes on keeping Water and Food Security at the core of its strategy. Learn More Quick Facts Etihad Mills Grain biggest trading hub in the Middle East, that can cater to 2.4 Billion people. Al Dahra ACX Al Dahra ACX number 1 forage exporter in the USA for 2015 ISO 9001:2015 Al Dahra Agriculture is ISO 9001:2015 certified. Learn More Events and Exhibitions Learn more about our exhibition dates and location, visit us to learn more about our global presence, products and services. Learn More News and Updates Stay updated with our news and updates from all around the world. Latest News See all Al Dahra and Al Marzoom Join Forces to Conserve the Desert Wildlife September 03, 2023 Al Dahra and ADEX Partner to Secure Egypt's Wheat Supply in US$ 500 million Agreement August 14, 2023 1 / 6 © 2024 Al Dahra All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Contact Us Site Map Al Dahra Vision & Mission Executive Management A Diversified Business Portfolio An Integrated & Unique Business Model A Global Footprint and Unique Position Supply Chain Management Food Security Citizenship Al Dahra Edge Business Model Farming Forage & Feed Processing Strategic Sourcing and Trading Quality Management Product Portfolio Grains & Specialty Crops Rice Flour Dairy Fresh Produce Organic Resources News Releases Events and Exhibitions Multimedia Achievements Blog Careers Talent Development Browse Openings Apply Compliance Suppliers © 2020 Al Dahra All Rights Reserved

Al Dahra - View Page Al Dahra Al Dahra Vision & Mission Executive Management A Diversified Business Portfolio An Integrated & Unique Business Model A Global Footprint and Unique Position Supply Chain Management Food Security Citizenship Al Dahra Edge Al Dahra Vision & Mission Al Dahra Executive Management Al Dahra A Diversified Business Portfolio Al Dahra An Integrated & Unique Business Model Al Dahra A Global Footprint and Unique Position Al Dahra Supply Chain Management Al Dahra Food Security Al Dahra Citizenship Al Dahra Al Dahra Edge Business Model Business Model Farming Forage & Feed Processing Strategic Sourcing and Trading Quality Management Business Model Farming Business Model Forage & Feed Business Model Processing Business Model Strategic Sourcing and Trading Business Model Quality Management Product Portfolio Product Portfolio Grains & Specialty Crops Rice Flour Dairy Fresh Produce Organic Product Portfolio Grains & Specialty Crops Product Portfolio Rice Product Portfolio Flour Product Portfolio Dairy Product Portfolio Fresh Produce Product Portfolio Organic Resources Resources News Releases Events and Exhibitions Multimedia Achievements Blog Resources News Releases Resources Events and Exhibitions Resources Multimedia Resources Achievements Resources Blog Careers Careers Talent Development Browse Openings Apply Careers Talent Development Careers Browse Openings Careers Apply Compliance Suppliers if_icon-111-search_314807 en ar es ru zh Contact Us Talk to our team Al Dahra Group Sole Proprietorship LLC Al Ain Tower, Abu Dhabi UAE www.aldahra.com +97126565000 +97126565001 info@aldahra.com Al Dahra Agriculture LLC KIZAD KP A6, Abu Dhabi, UAE www.aldahra.com +97126565000 +97126565001 info@aldahra.com Al Dahra Food Sole Proprietorship LLC KIZAD KP A6, Abu Dhabi, UAE www.aldahra.com +97126565000 +97126565001 info@aldahra.com Al Dahra Poultry LLC - Al Ain farms Khatm Al Shikla Street, 18011 Al Ain, UAE +97137632163 Al Dahra Dairy Company LLC Khatm Al Shikla Street, 18011 Al Ain, UAE +97137688852 +97137688522 Al Dahra BayWa Agriculture LLC Khatm Al Shikla Street, 18011 Al Ain, UAE +97126565000 Al Dahra Agriculture AlAin LLC Khatm Al Shikla Street, 18011 Al Ain, UAE +97137688852 +97137688522 Etihad Mills Next to Fujairah Main Sea Port Gate, Strategic Grain Terminal, Fujairah, UAE +97126565000 Loulis Mills SA Spetson 1, Keratsini, Greece 18755 www.loulismills.gr +302104090100 +302101090150 info@loulisgroup.com Al Dahra Europe - Italy branch Sussocorvaro, via Montale, 1861028 Italy www.bioagritrade.it +390722725170 +390722725710 info@bioagritrade.com Al Dahra Europe – Spain branch Polygon Industrial les basses, 25244 Fondarella, Lleida Spain www.aldahrafagavi.com +34973718172 +34973718151 info@aldahrafagavi.com Agricost SA Calea Calara_ilor St., no 327, Braila, 810440 Braila County, Romania +40239672400 +40239606050 office@aldahra.com Al Dahra Agriculture Romania Srl Hermes Business Campus1, bdul dimitrie pompeiu 5-7, 2nd district office 211, P.O.Box: 020335 Bucharest, Romania +40318451368 Al Dahra Serbia LLC Industrijsko naselje bb, 11213 Padinska skela, Beograd, Srbija +381117456100 Al Dahra Rudnap DOO Rivica 1, Rivica, 22406 Irig www.aldahra-rudnap.rs +38122458189 +38122458193 Al Dahra ACX Inc 920 E. Pacific Coast Highway Wilmington, CA 90744, United States www.aldahraacx.com +13102416229 +13102416234 Al Dahra Morocco SARL FERME AL DAHRA / Province El Hajeb ,Commune rurale Ait Boubidmane , Cercle Ain Taoujdate . 51000 +212537656556 Al Dahra Agriculture Company Pakistan (Private) Limited 67, Khyaban e Bahria, Phase 5, DHA, Karachi, Pakistan 75500 +9221 35843899 +9221 35857402 Al Dahra Agriculture South Africa (Pty) Ltd 59 Hillside Road Hilton 3245, South Africa +27605044174 Al Dahra Australia Pty Ltd 9 Camden Street, Belmont, Western Australia 6014 +61 437 073 487 +61 8 9277 4037 Al Dahra Agriculture Egypt Villa 1 plot 127 El-Nasr road, Sheraton, Cairo, Egypt +20222669465 +20222669485 aldahraeg-info@aldahra.com Al Dahra Agriculture Company (Namibia) (PTY) Limited C12 Naute Dam, 55km South west, Keetmanshoop, Karas Region +26463250530 +0886506906 info@aldahra.com.na Al Dahra Khalijiah Grenada Business Park, A4 Tower, 12th floor, east ring road, P.O.Box 100211Riyadh - Kingdom of Saudi Arabia +966 (0) 115118121 +966 (0) 115118111 Al Dahra Europe SRL Via Sandro Pertini, 2404 - 61122 Pesaro (PU) Italy www.bioagritrade.it +390722725170 +390722725710 info@bioagritrade.com Al Dahra Serbia D.O.O Gorskih Jasenova 4, 11213 Padinska skela, Beograd, Serbia +381117456100 Al Dahra Trading (Shanghai) Co. Ltd 2850, 28/F No. 1045, Middle Huaihai Road, Xuhui District, Shanghai Al Dahra - Strategic Partner, Golden Fields OU(Estonia) Väike-Paala 1, Tallinn, Harju county, 11415, Estonia +372 5555 5934 info@goldenfields.ee Compliance © 2024 Al Dahra All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Contact Us Site Map Al Dahra Vision & Mission Executive Management A Diversified Business Portfolio An Integrated & Unique Business Model A Global Footprint and Unique Position Supply Chain Management Food Security Citizenship Al Dahra Edge Business Model Farming Forage & Feed Processing Strategic Sourcing and Trading Quality Management Product Portfolio Grains & Specialty Crops Rice Flour Dairy Fresh Produce Organic Resources News Releases Events and Exhibitions Multimedia Achievements Blog Careers Talent Development Browse Openings Apply Compliance Suppliers © 2020 Al Dahra All Rights Reserved

Al Dahra - View Page Al Dahra Al Dahra Vision & Mission Executive Management A Diversified Business Portfolio An Integrated & Unique Business Model A Global Footprint and Unique Position Supply Chain Management Food Security Citizenship Al Dahra Edge Al Dahra Vision & Mission Al Dahra Executive Management Al Dahra A Diversified Business Portfolio Al Dahra An Integrated & Unique Business Model Al Dahra A Global Footprint and Unique Position Al Dahra Supply Chain Management Al Dahra Food Security Al Dahra Citizenship Al Dahra Al Dahra Edge Business Model Business Model Farming Forage & Feed Processing Strategic Sourcing and Trading Quality Management Business Model Farming Business Model Forage & Feed Business Model Processing Business Model Strategic Sourcing and Trading Business Model Quality Management Product Portfolio Product Portfolio Grains & Specialty Crops Rice Flour Dairy Fresh Produce Organic Product Portfolio Grains & Specialty Crops Product Portfolio Rice Product Portfolio Flour Product Portfolio Dairy Product Portfolio Fresh Produce Product Portfolio Organic Resources Resources News Releases Events and Exhibitions Multimedia Achievements Blog Resources News Releases Resources Events and Exhibitions Resources Multimedia Resources Achievements Resources Blog Careers Careers Talent Development Browse Openings Apply Careers Talent Development Careers Browse Openings Careers Apply Compliance Suppliers if_icon-111-search_314807 en ar es ru zh Executive Management Team Co-Founder & Managing Director Al Dahra Group H.E.Khedaim Abdulla Al Derei H.E. Khedaim Abdulla Al Derei is the Co-Founder and Managing Director of the Al Dahra Group, where he has the overall responsibility of ensuring Al Dahra’s business strategy achieves the targets of its shareholders and Board of Directors. He is also a delegated member from the UAE Ministry of Foreign Affairs, is the Managing Director of Al Ain Holding, and oversees the commercial business of the Private Office of H.H. Sheikh Hamdan Bin Zayed Al Nahyan. He has over 30 years of public and private sector experience and has held senior positions within the UAE’s diplomatic core. Previously, he held the position of Chief Executive Officer of the Private Office of H.H. Sheikh Hamdan Bin Zayed Al Nahyan, where he was responsible for the coordination of all private and business interests and activities of the office. Prior to that, H.E. Khedaim was a Plenipotentiary Minister First Class at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. In addition, he was Deputy General Manager to the Court of H.H Sheikh Hamdan Bin Zayed Al Nahyan, the then Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs of the UAE. H.E. Khedaim has also held various roles with the UAE Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and had postings at the UAE Embassies in Washington DC, USA, and Beirut, Lebanon, where he held the position of First Secretary. H.E. Khedaim has a number of external Chairmanships including: The Sheikh Zayed Private Academies for Girls and for Boys, Agility Abu Dhabi PJSC and Agricost SA (Romania). He is also Board of Director and Audit Committee member of International Capital Trading. He also sits on the boards of a number of public and private entities, including Abu Dhabi University and the UAE Red Crescent. H.E. Khedaim holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Resources Development from the American University in Washington DC, USA and a Master’s Degree in International Relations from the Lebanese American University, Lebanon. He has also attended several executive management programs at top institutions such as the Harvard Business School in Boston, USA. Read More Co-Founder & Managing Director Al Dahra Group H.E.Khedaim Abdulla Al Derei H.E. Khedaim Abdulla Al Derei is the Co-Founder and Managing Director of the Al Dahra Group, where he has the overall responsibility of ensuring Al Dahra’s business strategy achieves the targets of its shareholders and Board of Directors. He is also a delegated member from the UAE Ministry of Foreign Affairs, is the Managing Director of Al Ain Holding, and oversees the commercial business of the Private Office of H.H. Sheikh Hamdan Bin Zayed Al Nahyan. He has over 30 years of public and private sector experience and has held senior positions within the UAE’s diplomatic core. Previously, he held the position of Chief Executive Officer of the Private Office of H.H. Sheikh Hamdan Bin Zayed Al Nahyan, where he was responsible for the coordination of all private and business interests and activities of the office. Prior to that, H.E. Khedaim was a Plenipotentiary Minister First Class at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. In addition, he was Deputy General Manager to the Court of H.H Sheikh Hamdan Bin Zayed Al Nahyan, the then Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs of the UAE. H.E. Khedaim has also held various roles with the UAE Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and had postings at the UAE Embassies in Washington DC, USA, and Beirut, Lebanon, where he held the position of First Secretary. H.E. Khedaim has a number of external Chairmanships including: The Sheikh Zayed Private Academies for Girls and for Boys, Agility Abu Dhabi PJSC and Agricost SA (Romania). He is also Board of Director and Audit Committee member of International Capital Trading. He also sits on the boards of a number of public and private entities, including Abu Dhabi University and the UAE Red Crescent. H.E. Khedaim holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Resources Development from the American University in Washington DC, USA and a Master’s Degree in International Relations from the Lebanese American University, Lebanon. He has also attended several executive management programs at top institutions such as the Harvard Business School in Boston, USA. Group Chief Executive Officer Al Dahra Group Arnoud van den Berg Arnoud van den Berg is the Group Chief Executive Officer at Al Dahra Group and is responsible for the company’s overall business strategy and global operations. Arnoud has over 25 years of international leadership experience in agribusiness, strategy, and finance, including 15 years with the multi-national dairy company, FrieslandCampina. Most recently, Arnoud was the President of FrieslandCampina Trading, where he oversaw the Group’s trading operations and was responsible for processing, sales, sourcing, trading and hedging of dairy commodities, globally. Prior to that, he led FrieslandCampina’s operations in Hong Kong, Vietnam and South-East Asia and was a Finance Director in Greece and the Netherlands. Arnoud also spent 11 years at Boston Consulting Group in Europe, Asia and the United States, serving in various leadership roles advising on business strategy, consumer goods, and M&A. Over his career, he was a board member in several industry organizations in the Netherlands, Vietnam and Hong Kong. He was also a non-executive board member at Betagen Thailand. Arnoud holds a Master’s Degree in Industrial Engineering from the University of Twente, The Netherlands, and a Master of Business Administration from INSEAD, France. Read More Group Chief Executive Officer Al Dahra Group Arnoud van den Berg Arnoud van den Berg is the Group Chief Executive Officer at Al Dahra Group and is responsible for the company’s overall business strategy and global operations. Arnoud has over 25 years of international leadership experience in agribusiness, strategy, and finance, including 15 years with the multi-national dairy company, FrieslandCampina. Most recently, Arnoud was the President of FrieslandCampina Trading, where he oversaw the Group’s trading operations and was responsible for processing, sales, sourcing, trading and hedging of dairy commodities, globally. Prior to that, he led FrieslandCampina’s operations in Hong Kong, Vietnam and South-East Asia and was a Finance Director in Greece and the Netherlands. Arnoud also spent 11 years at Boston Consulting Group in Europe, Asia and the United States, serving in various leadership roles advising on business strategy, consumer goods, and M&A. Over his career, he was a board member in several industry organizations in the Netherlands, Vietnam and Hong Kong. He was also a non-executive board member at Betagen Thailand. Arnoud holds a Master’s Degree in Industrial Engineering from the University of Twente, The Netherlands, and a Master of Business Administration from INSEAD, France. Group General Counsel Al Dahra Group Dawn Sanderson Dawn Sanderson is the Group General Counsel at Al Dahra Group and is responsible for the company’s legal and compliance function. Dawn has over 20 years of international legal experience in private law firms and in-house, including 11 years with one of the world’s largest global law firms, Eversheds Sutherland LLP. Dawn joined as the first in-house counsel for the Al Dahra Group in 2016. Prior to that, Dawn was a Principal Associate at Eversheds Sutherland Abu Dhabi, jointly leading the M&A department for the UAE. Dawn moved to Abu Dhabi in 2008 to set up the Eversheds Sutherland office in Abu Dhabi. Dawn trained in England, as an M&A lawyer, working in the Eversheds Sutherland Nottingham office prior to moving to the UAE. Over her career, Dawn has mentored young female professionals through various mentoring programs and has been actively involved in the British Chamber of Commerce Abu Dhabi. Dawn holds a degree in Geography (BSc) Hons from the University of Sheffield, in England, as well as being a qualified solicitor of England & Wales. She also holds an international diploma in Governance, Risk & Compliance from ICA. Read More Group General Counsel Al Dahra Group Dawn Sanderson Dawn Sanderson is the Group General Counsel at Al Dahra Group and is responsible for the company’s legal and compliance function. Dawn has over 20 years of international legal experience in private law firms and in-house, including 11 years with one of the world’s largest global law firms, Eversheds Sutherland LLP. Dawn joined as the first in-house counsel for the Al Dahra Group in 2016. Prior to that, Dawn was a Principal Associate at Eversheds Sutherland Abu Dhabi, jointly leading the M&A department for the UAE. Dawn moved to Abu Dhabi in 2008 to set up the Eversheds Sutherland office in Abu Dhabi. Dawn trained in England, as an M&A lawyer, working in the Eversheds Sutherland Nottingham office prior to moving to the UAE. Over her career, Dawn has mentored young female professionals through various mentoring programs and has been actively involved in the British Chamber of Commerce Abu Dhabi. Dawn holds a degree in Geography (BSc) Hons from the University of Sheffield, in England, as well as being a qualified solicitor of England & Wales. She also holds an international diploma in Governance, Risk & Compliance from ICA. Chief - Corporate Affairs & Sustainability Al Dahra Group Ahmed Saeed Al Suwaidi Ahmed is the Chief - Corporate Affairs & Sustainability at Al Dahra Group and leads the Corporate Communications, Sustainability and Global QHSSE efforts for Al Dahra. Ahmed has over 20 years of experience in the management of organizational support services. His roles have encompassed responsibilities in strategic business administration, corporate structuring, operational function design, policy development, governance, and business transformation across the Human Capital, Procurement, and QHSE functions. Ahmed has held leadership positions at UAE sovereign investment funds and government organizations including Mubadala Investment Company, Masdar, Tabreed, and Abu Dhabi’s national oil company, ADNOC. While in those roles, he was also responsible for designing and establishing shared services functions in subsidiary and portfolio companies. Ahmed holds a Bachelor’s Degree in HR Management from Portland State University, United States. Read More Chief - Corporate Affairs & Sustainability Al Dahra Group Ahmed Saeed Al Suwaidi Ahmed is the Chief - Corporate Affairs & Sustainability at Al Dahra Group and leads the Corporate Communications, Sustainability and Global QHSSE efforts for Al Dahra. Ahmed has over 20 years of experience in the management of organizational support services. His roles have encompassed responsibilities in strategic business administration, corporate structuring, operational function design, policy development, governance, and business transformation across the Human Capital, Procurement, and QHSE functions. Ahmed has held leadership positions at UAE sovereign investment funds and government organizations including Mubadala Investment Company, Masdar, Tabreed, and Abu Dhabi’s national oil company, ADNOC. While in those roles, he was also responsible for designing and establishing shared services functions in subsidiary and portfolio companies. Ahmed holds a Bachelor’s Degree in HR Management from Portland State University, United States. Group Government Relations Officer Al Dahra Group Dr. Sulaiman Rashed Al Nuaimi Dr. Sulaiman Rashed Al Nuaimi is the Group Government Relations Officer for Al Dahra and is responsible for building and fostering relationships with local and international governments. With over 20 years of experience in management, public relations and administration, Dr. Sulaiman works in the UAE and abroad to promote development and collaboration in the agriculture sector. Dr. Sulaiman holds a Doctorate Degree in Leadership Management from Australia and a Bachelor of Science in Agriculture from the United Arab Emirates University. Read More Group Government Relations Officer Al Dahra Group Dr. Sulaiman Rashed Al Nuaimi Dr. Sulaiman Rashed Al Nuaimi is the Group Government Relations Officer for Al Dahra and is responsible for building and fostering relationships with local and international governments. With over 20 years of experience in management, public relations and administration, Dr. Sulaiman works in the UAE and abroad to promote development and collaboration in the agriculture sector. Dr. Sulaiman holds a Doctorate Degree in Leadership Management from Australia and a Bachelor of Science in Agriculture from the United Arab Emirates University. Chief Operating Officer – OpCo Al Dahra Group Nael Khalil Nael is Al Dahra’s Chief Operating Officer – Trading and Strategy, and has over 20 years of experience in Finance, Supply Chain and Operations Management, garnered from complex global organisations in fast-pace and emerging markets. He has extensive knowledge of complex, end-to-end Supply Chain, including procurement and logistics. Nael has a Bachelor of Economics and Administrative Sciences from Applied Science Private University in Jordan. Read More Chief Operating Officer – OpCo Al Dahra Group Nael Khalil Nael is Al Dahra’s Chief Operating Officer – Trading and Strategy, and has over 20 years of experience in Finance, Supply Chain and Operations Management, garnered from complex global organisations in fast-pace and emerging markets. He has extensive knowledge of complex, end-to-end Supply Chain, including procurement and logistics. Nael has a Bachelor of Economics and Administrative Sciences from Applied Science Private University in Jordan. Chief Commercial Officer & Partner – Al Dahra Global Forage Al Dahra Group Agostino Migiani Agostino Migiani is the Chief Commercial Officer and Partner at Al Dahra Global Forage where he is responsible for all commercial, strategy and product development activities. Agostino has over 30 years of experience in the forage sector. His career began as a Commercial Manager for fodder sales at the Saltarelli & Migiani Group. He then went on to hold the role of Expert of the forage sector at the European Community in Brussels, Belgium. In 2003, Agostino established the European agribusiness, Bio Agri Trade, which subsequently partnered with Al Dahra in 2014 to form Al Dahra Bio Agri in Italy, where Agostino held the role of CEO. In 2018, the company partnered with Al Dahra Fagavi in Spain, creating Al Dahra Europe where he held the role of CEO. Agostino graduated from the Commercial Technical Institute in Italy with a specialization in Economics and Commerce. Read More Chief Commercial Officer & Partner – Al Dahra Global Forage Al Dahra Group Agostino Migiani Agostino Migiani is the Chief Commercial Officer and Partner at Al Dahra Global Forage where he is responsible for all commercial, strategy and product development activities. Agostino has over 30 years of experience in the forage sector. His career began as a Commercial Manager for fodder sales at the Saltarelli & Migiani Group. He then went on to hold the role of Expert of the forage sector at the European Community in Brussels, Belgium. In 2003, Agostino established the European agribusiness, Bio Agri Trade, which subsequently partnered with Al Dahra in 2014 to form Al Dahra Bio Agri in Italy, where Agostino held the role of CEO. In 2018, the company partnered with Al Dahra Fagavi in Spain, creating Al Dahra Europe where he held the role of CEO. Agostino graduated from the Commercial Technical Institute in Italy with a specialization in Economics and Commerce. Senior Advisor Al Dahra Group H.E.Rashed Mohammed Al Shuraiqi H.E. Rashed Mohammed Al Shuraiqi is the Senior Advisor for Agriculture at Al Dahra Agriculture Company. H.E. Rashed has over 35 years of experience in the agriculture sector, and in that time, has held many esteemed posts such as the Undersecretary of the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries, and Vice Chairman of Abu Dhabi Food Security. He holds a Master’s Degree in Environmental Sciences from UAE University, and a Bachelor’s Degree in Agricultural Science with a specialization in plant and animal production. Read More Senior Advisor Al Dahra Group H.E.Rashed Mohammed Al Shuraiqi H.E. Rashed Mohammed Al Shuraiqi is the Senior Advisor for Agriculture at Al Dahra Agriculture Company. H.E. Rashed has over 35 years of experience in the agriculture sector, and in that time, has held many esteemed posts such as the Undersecretary of the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries, and Vice Chairman of Abu Dhabi Food Security. He holds a Master’s Degree in Environmental Sciences from UAE University, and a Bachelor’s Degree in Agricultural Science with a specialization in plant and animal production. Head of Farming Al Dahra Group Stuart J. Donald Stuart is Al Dahra Group’s Head of Farming. He is responsible for leading Al Dahra’s global farming platform which consists of a number of primarily irrigated, large-scale farms which produce alfalfa, a range of annual and permanent crops, and livestock products. With broad sectoral expertise spanning 40 years, Stuart has managed, led, and advised large-scale farm and forestry investments, agribusinesses, and agriculture funds, worldwide. Prior to joining Al Dahra and earlier in his career, Stuart led his own agriculture investment and business advisory firm, Agri Frontiers, which provided general advisory services to investors, funds, businesses and development organizations in agriculture, and rural development in New Zealand, Brazil and globally. He was also Head of Agriculture and Partner at The Rohatyn Group, a globally diversified asset management firm, where he led the farmland investment growth strategy, fund-raising, acquisition, portfolio analysis, investor reporting, and overall management of a portfolio of investments, spread across Australia, New Zealand, South America and the United States. Stuart has held a variety of roles with major multinational companies such as Monsanto, Cargill, and Booker Tate, across multiple geographies including the United States, Brazil, Zambia, and Papua New Guinea. He has also held directorships and board level positions in various entities. Stuart is from New Zealand and has a Bachelor of Science (Hons) in Agriculture, from the University of Reading, UK. Read More Head of Farming Al Dahra Group Stuart J. Donald Stuart is Al Dahra Group’s Head of Farming. He is responsible for leading Al Dahra’s global farming platform which consists of a number of primarily irrigated, large-scale farms which produce alfalfa, a range of annual and permanent crops, and livestock products. With broad sectoral expertise spanning 40 years, Stuart has managed, led, and advised large-scale farm and forestry investments, agribusinesses, and agriculture funds, worldwide. Prior to joining Al Dahra and earlier in his career, Stuart led his own agriculture investment and business advisory firm, Agri Frontiers, which provided general advisory services to investors, funds, businesses and development organizations in agriculture, and rural development in New Zealand, Brazil and globally. He was also Head of Agriculture and Partner at The Rohatyn Group, a globally diversified asset management firm, where he led the farmland investment growth strategy, fund-raising, acquisition, portfolio analysis, investor reporting, and overall management of a portfolio of investments, spread across Australia, New Zealand, South America and the United States. Stuart has held a variety of roles with major multinational companies such as Monsanto, Cargill, and Booker Tate, across multiple geographies including the United States, Brazil, Zambia, and Papua New Guinea. He has also held directorships and board level positions in various entities. Stuart is from New Zealand and has a Bachelor of Science (Hons) in Agriculture, from the University of Reading, UK. Head of Grains and Specialty Crops Al Dahra Group Nils Krage Nils is the Group Head of Grains and Specialty Crops and is responsible for Al Dahra Group’s trading and strategic growth initiatives. Nils joined Al Dahra with global management experience in market-leading companies across Europe, the United States, South America and Asia. Most recently, he was the Chief Operating Officer of Austria-based trading corporation, VA Intertrading Aktiengesellschaft, where he led its operational units as well as 15 affiliated companies across Europe, Russia and South America. Prior to that, he held leadership positions in renowned corporations such as Graincom GmbH, Interbrau GmbH, Viterra SA, as well as various management roles over a 21-year span with commodity trading firm, Alfred C. Toepfer International GmbH which was part of the Archer Daniels Midland (ADM) Group. Nils’ extensive experience is instituted in designing and implementing trading structures, risk management, M&A, and driving global supply chains in agricultural commodities. Read More Head of Grains and Specialty Crops Al Dahra Group Nils Krage Nils is the Group Head of Grains and Specialty Crops and is responsible for Al Dahra Group’s trading and strategic growth initiatives. Nils joined Al Dahra with global management experience in market-leading companies across Europe, the United States, South America and Asia. Most recently, he was the Chief Operating Officer of Austria-based trading corporation, VA Intertrading Aktiengesellschaft, where he led its operational units as well as 15 affiliated companies across Europe, Russia and South America. Prior to that, he held leadership positions in renowned corporations such as Graincom GmbH, Interbrau GmbH, Viterra SA, as well as various management roles over a 21-year span with commodity trading firm, Alfred C. Toepfer International GmbH which was part of the Archer Daniels Midland (ADM) Group. Nils’ extensive experience is instituted in designing and implementing trading structures, risk management, M&A, and driving global supply chains in agricultural commodities. Head of Food Division Al Dahra Group Osman Serageldin Osman is Al Dahra Group’s Head of Food and is responsible for the operational management and distribution of grain, rice, and fresh food commodities. Osman joins Al Dahra from Nile Wood, where he was Chief Executive Officer. This role was preceded by a 15-year career at Heinz Egypt, where he was most recently Managing Director, responsible for the overall performance of the company. During this time, Osman led the development of an extensive new product development pipeline, spearheaded Egypt growth strategies, and improved overall factory efficiency and operating standards. Prior to this, Osman was the Chief Operating Officer at Egyptian International Motors, the second largest trading company in Egypt. Osman holds a Master of Business Administration, International Business, from the Maastricht School of Management, the Netherlands, and a Bachelor of Science, Business Administration, from Cairo University. Read More Head of Food Division Al Dahra Group Osman Serageldin Osman is Al Dahra Group’s Head of Food and is responsible for the operational management and distribution of grain, rice, and fresh food commodities. Osman joins Al Dahra from Nile Wood, where he was Chief Executive Officer. This role was preceded by a 15-year career at Heinz Egypt, where he was most recently Managing Director, responsible for the overall performance of the company. During this time, Osman led the development of an extensive new product development pipeline, spearheaded Egypt growth strategies, and improved overall factory efficiency and operating standards. Prior to this, Osman was the Chief Operating Officer at Egyptian International Motors, the second largest trading company in Egypt. Osman holds a Master of Business Administration, International Business, from the Maastricht School of Management, the Netherlands, and a Bachelor of Science, Business Administration, from Cairo University. Group Strategy Director Al Dahra Group Wissam Abbas Wissam is the Group Strategy Director for Al Dahra Group and is responsible for setting and implementing the global strategy as well as the Group’s ESG and sustainability portfolio. Prior to joining Al Dahra in 2020, Wissam spent seven years consulting at Accenture Strategy and Alvarez & Marsal in the Middle East and the US, advising across several sectors including Business Strategy, Operations Leadership, and Transformation Programs with a focus on delivering high-impact results. Earlier in his career, Wissam worked for Future Pipe Industries, a leading piping systems manufacturing company, where he started his career in manufacturing and eventually was appointed as General Manager, responsible for US Supply Chain and Operations. Wissam holds a Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering from the American University of Beirut, a Master's degree in Business Administration (with merit) from the Manchester Business School, and has a Business Strategy Certification from INSEAD Business School. Read More Group Strategy Director Al Dahra Group Wissam Abbas Wissam is the Group Strategy Director for Al Dahra Group and is responsible for setting and implementing the global strategy as well as the Group’s ESG and sustainability portfolio. Prior to joining Al Dahra in 2020, Wissam spent seven years consulting at Accenture Strategy and Alvarez & Marsal in the Middle East and the US, advising across several sectors including Business Strategy, Operations Leadership, and Transformation Programs with a focus on delivering high-impact results. Earlier in his career, Wissam worked for Future Pipe Industries, a leading piping systems manufacturing company, where he started his career in manufacturing and eventually was appointed as General Manager, responsible for US Supply Chain and Operations. Wissam holds a Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering from the American University of Beirut, a Master's degree in Business Administration (with merit) from the Manchester Business School, and has a Business Strategy Certification from INSEAD Business School. Chief Operating Officer Al Dahra Agriculture Hamdan Abdulla Al Derei Hamdan Abdulla Al Derei is the Chief Operations Officer of the UAE Division at Al Dahra Agriculture. Hamdan has over 12 years of experience in Public and Private sectors in the United Arab Emirates. Hamdan holds a Bachelor’s degree from Indiana State University, United States. Read More Chief Operating Officer Al Dahra Agriculture Hamdan Abdulla Al Derei Hamdan Abdulla Al Derei is the Chief Operations Officer of the UAE Division at Al Dahra Agriculture. Hamdan has over 12 years of experience in Public and Private sectors in the United Arab Emirates. Hamdan holds a Bachelor’s degree from Indiana State University, United States. A Diversified Business Portfolio © 2024 Al Dahra All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Contact Us Site Map Al Dahra Vision & Mission Executive Management A Diversified Business Portfolio An Integrated & Unique Business Model A Global Footprint and Unique Position Supply Chain Management Food Security Citizenship Al Dahra Edge Business Model Farming Forage & Feed Processing Strategic Sourcing and Trading Quality Management Product Portfolio Grains & Specialty Crops Rice Flour Dairy Fresh Produce Organic Resources News Releases Events and Exhibitions Multimedia Achievements Blog Careers Talent Development Browse Openings Apply Compliance Suppliers © 2020 Al Dahra All Rights Reserved

Kompass.com Please contact your local Kompass or support.bip@kompass.com We apologize for any inconvenience. The Kompass team. Thu May 09 2024 16:48:57 GMT+0200 (Central European Summer Time) My public IP address is: 93.66.87.21

