B&B Italia | Arredamento Moderno | Arredamento Contemporaneo e Design - B&B Italia Press Option+1 for screen-reader mode, Option+0 to cancel Accessibility Screen-Reader Guide, Feedback, and Issue Reporting Powered by Cookiebot Consent Details [#IABV2SETTINGS#] About Cookies B&B Italia S.p.A. uses cookies, among which technical/functional, analytical, advertising, profiling cookies (and similar technologies), placed by themselves and third parties, to measure the use of, optimise and further develop our website, as well as for (also personalised) advertising purposes and to monitor and analyse your internet behaviour.       By clicking on “Refuse unnecessary” only technical/functionality cookies will be installed, strictly necessary and functional to allow the use of the Site.    By clicking on “Accept all” you consent to the use of all the cookies.    By clicking on “Change settings” you can accept or refuse cookies on the basis on your preferences and save your choices.    You can modify your options anytime.     The closure of this banner by clicking on the “X” button at the top right will result in the default settings that do not allow the use of cookies or other tracking tools other than technical/functional ones.  To know more refer to our Cookie Policy . Consent Selection Technical Cookies (“Strictly Necessary”) Preferences (“Functional”) Analytical Cookies (“Analytical/Performance and Profiled Analytics”) “Profiling Cookies” (“Personalized Advertising, Ratergeting and Social Networking”) Settings Technical Cookies (“Strictly Necessary”) 58 Cookies strictly necessary and functional to allow the use of the Site. Calendly 1 Learn more about this provider __cfruid This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Cookiebot 8 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent [x7] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP 1.gif Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Criteo 1 Learn more about this provider optout Identifies if the visitor has deselected any cookies, trackers or other audience targeting tools. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Google 5 Learn more about this provider test_cookie Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP 1P_JAR Persistent cookie that save user preferences information when browsing Google services Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP OGPC Persistent cookie that save user preferences information when visiting Google maps web pages Expiry : 2 months Type : HTTP rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML ID5 1 Learn more about this provider gdpr Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Nativo 1 Learn more about this provider opt_out Used to detect if the visitor has accepted the marketing category in the cookie banner. This cookie is necessary for GDPR-compliance of the website. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP New Relic 1 Learn more about this provider JSESSIONID Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Pinterest 1 Learn more about this provider is_eu Determines whether the user is located within the EU and therefore is subject to EU's data privacy regulations. Expiry : Session Type : HTML Salesforce 2 Learn more about this provider CookieConsentPolicy Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP LSKey-c$CookieConsentPolicy Determines whether the user has accepted the cookie consent box. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Showefy 1 Learn more about this provider showefy Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Vimeo 4 Learn more about this provider _cfuvid This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP cf_clearance Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP player Saves the user's preferences when playing embedded videos from Vimeo. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP calendly.com fonts.net vimeo.com 3 __cf_bm [x3] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP content.bebitalia.com www.bebitalia.com 2 PHPSESSID [x2] Preserves user session state across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP shop.bebitalia.com 15 __cq_dnt This opt-out cookie identifies if the visitor has deselected any cookies, trackers or other audience targeting tools. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP cqcid Registers whether the user is logged in. This allows the website owner to make parts of the website inaccessible, based on the user's log-in status. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP object(#-#-##:#:#.#) Holds the users timezone. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML sid Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP t3D This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML tADe This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML tADu This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML tAE This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML tC This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML tMQ This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML tPL This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML tTDe This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML tTDu This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML tTE This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML tTf This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML www.bebitalia.com 12 tnsApp This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML form_key Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP mage-cache-sessid This cookie is used in context with load balancing - This optimizes the response rate between the visitor and the site, by distributing the traffic load on multiple network links or servers. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP mage-cache-storage This cookie is used in context with load balancing - This optimizes the response rate between the visitor and the site, by distributing the traffic load on multiple network links or servers. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP mage-cache-storage Used to optimize the loading speed on the website. This is done by pre-loading some procedures in the visitors' browser. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML mage-cache-storage-section-invalidation Used to optimize the loading speed on the website. This is done by pre-loading some procedures in the visitors' browser. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML mage-cache-storage-section-invalidation This cookie is used in context with load balancing - This optimizes the response rate between the visitor and the site, by distributing the traffic load on multiple network links or servers. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP mage-cache-timeout This cookie is necessary for the cache function. A cache is used by the website to optimize the response time between the visitor and the website. The cache is usually stored on the visitor’s browser. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML mage-messages Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP private_content_version This cookie is necessary for the cache function. A cache is used by the website to optimize the response time between the visitor and the website. The cache is usually stored on the visitor’s browser. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP product_data_storage Necessary for the compare-products function on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML recently_compared_product Necessary for the compare-products function on the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Preferences (“Functional”) 7 Cookies recording certain user preferences and optimize Site functionality. Google 1 Learn more about this provider maps/gen_204 Used in context with the website's map integration. The cookie stores user interaction with the map in order to optimize its functionality. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Salesforce 2 Learn more about this provider weird_get_top_level_domain The cookie determines the preferred language and country-setting of the visitor - This allows the website to show content most relevant to that region and language. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP X-Salesforce-CHAT Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider sync_active Contains data on visitor's video-content preferences - This allows the website to remember parameters such as preferred volume or video quality. The service is provided by Vimeo.com. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML bebitalia.com 1 bebitalia-functional Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP www.bebitalia.com 2 om-country This cookie is used to determine the preferred country setting selected by the visitor. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML section_data_ids Used in context with the shopping cart functionality. Remembers any wish-list products and visitor credentials when checking out. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Analytical Cookies (“Analytical/Performance and Profiled Analytics”) 43 Analytical/Performance: Cookies that collect information about how many users visit the Site and what actions they take while browsing to conduct statistical analysis. Profiled Analytics: Cookies used to collect information about users' activity on a website to analyze their behavior and create analytics/segments of users based on preferences Akamai Technologies 1 Learn more about this provider aka_debug Used by Vimeo to track usage of their embedded video player. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Appnexus 1 Learn more about this provider bounce Determines if a user leaves the website straight away. This information is used for internal statistics and analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Google 7 Learn more about this provider _ga [x3] Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _ga_# [x3] Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Hotjar 7 Learn more about this provider _hjSession_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _hjSessionUser_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _hjTLDTest Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP _hjCookieTest Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP _hjIncludedInSample Cookies used to determine if the user is included in Hotjar example used for Hetmap, canalization and information saving Expiry : 9999 days Type : HTTP hjActiveViewportIds This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML hjViewportId Saves the user's screen size in order to adjust the size of images on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTML Media.net 1 Learn more about this provider visitor-id This cookie is used to collect information on the visitor. This information will be stored for internal analytics at the website's operator – Internal analytics is used by websites to optimize their domains. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Microsoft 5 Learn more about this provider _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _clsk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP c.gif Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel _cltk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTML CLID Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP New Relic 1 Learn more about this provider NRBA_SESSION Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Outbrain 1 Learn more about this provider dicbo_id Collects statistics concerning the visitors' use of the website and its general functionality. This is used to optimize and compile reports on the website for comparison through a third party analysis service. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Salesforce 7 Learn more about this provider __cq_uuid Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP BrowserId Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device for return visits. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP BrowserId_sec Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP snapinsPage_# Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML snapinsPageTime_# Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML snapinsPc Determines when the visitor last visited the different subpages on the website, as well as sets a timestamp for when the session started. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML snapinsStart Determines when the visitor last visited the different subpages on the website, as well as sets a timestamp for when the session started. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML bebitalia.com 1 bebitalia-analytics Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP media.net hb.yahoo.net 2 cksync.php [x2] This cookie is used to determine if cookie data synchronization is enabled or disabled – cookie data synchronization is used to synchronize and gather visitor data on several domains. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel shop.bebitalia.com 2 dwac_# Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP dwanonymous_UID{32} This cookie contains a specific ID on the visitor in order to distinguish visitors. This information allows the website to remember the visitor’s preferences, settings and secures the functionality of the shopping basket. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP www.bebitalia.com 4 product_data_storage Determines which products the user has viewed, allowing the website to promote related products. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP recently_compared_product_previous Necessary for the compare-products function on the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP recently_viewed_product Determines which products the user has viewed, allowing the website to promote related products. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP recently_viewed_product_previous Collects information on which products have been viewed by the visitor - This is used for optimizing the specific visitor's navigation on the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP www.sfylytics.com 3 _pk_id# Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _pk_ref# Used by Piwik Analytics Platform to identify the referring website from which the visitor has come. Expiry : 6 months Type : HTTP _pk_ses# Used by Piwik Analytics Platform to track page requests from the visitor during the session. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP “Profiling Cookies” (“Personalized Advertising, Ratergeting and Social Networking”) 100 Personalized Advertising : Cookies recording user interests based on browsing activity (e.g. pages searched on the Site or products clicked) and display personalized ads based on preferences. Retargeting : Cookies tracking users’ action on a website and then show ads to users on websites they visit later. Social Networking : Cookies sharing content on social networks and track users' browsing across multiple sites. Meta Platforms, Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Adform 2 Learn more about this provider C Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP pixel Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Adobe Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider demconf.jpg Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel demdex Via a unique ID that is used for semantic content analysis, the user's navigation on the website is registered and linked to offline data from surveys and similar registrations to display targeted ads. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP dpm Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP Appnexus 4 Learn more about this provider anj Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP setuid This cookie is set by the audience manager of the website to determine the time and frequencies of visitor data synchronization - cookie data synchronization is used to synchronize and gather visitor data from several websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel uuid2 Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP XANDR_PANID This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP Casale Media 4 Learn more about this provider CMID Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP CMPRO Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP CMPS Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP rum Collects data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Criteo 5 Learn more about this provider cto_bundle Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 13 months Type : HTTP cto_tld_test [x2] Used to identify the visitor across visits and devices. This allows the website to present the visitor with relevant advertisement - The service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP cto_bundle Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML criteo_write_test Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Google 7 Learn more about this provider _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP IDE Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP pagead/landing [x2] Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel ads/ga-audiences Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel pagead/1p-conversion/#/ Pending Expiry : Session Type : Pixel pagead/1p-user-list/# Pending Expiry : Session Type : Pixel ID5 6 Learn more about this provider callback Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP car Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP cf Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP cip Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP cnac Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP gpp Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Improve Digital 1 Learn more about this provider match Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Ividence 1 Learn more about this provider sync Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Media.net 2 Learn more about this provider data-c Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP data-c-ts Collects data on the user across websites - This data is used to make advertisement more relevant. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP Microsoft 13 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML MR [x2] Pending Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP MUID [x2] Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP SRM_B Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP ANONCHK Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP SM Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Nativo 1 Learn more about this provider suid/1017 Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel OptiMonk 1 Learn more about this provider optiMonkClient Implements pop-up advertisement on the website. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Pinterest 4 Learn more about this provider _pin_unauth [x2] Used by Pinterest to track the usage of services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _pinterest_ct_ua Used by Pinterest to track the usage of services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP v3/ Used by Pinterest to track the usage of services. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Salesforce 4 Learn more about this provider __cq_seg Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP uuid This cookie is used to optimize ad relevance by collecting visitor data from multiple websites – this exchange of visitor data is normally provided by a third-party data-center or ad-exchange. Expiry : 13 months Type : HTTP igodigitalstdomain Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP igodigitaltc2 Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP Teads 5 Learn more about this provider tfpai Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP tfpsi Registers user behaviour and navigation on the website, and any interaction with active campaigns. This is used for optimizing advertisement and for efficient retargeting. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP tfpvi Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP track Pending Expiry : Session Type : Pixel um Used to identify the visitor across visits and devices. This allows the website to present the visitor with relevant advertisement - The service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Telaria 2 Learn more about this provider tv_UICR Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP tvid Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Triplelift 3 Learn more about this provider tluid This cookie is used to identify the visitor and optimize ad-relevance by collecting visitor data from multiple websites – this exchange of visitor data is normally provided by a third-party data-center or ad-exchange. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP tluidp Pending Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP xuid Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel adform.net criteo.com 2 uid [x2] Registers a unique user ID that recognises the user's browser when visiting websites that use the same ad network. The purpose is to optimise display of ads based on the user's movements and various ad providers' bids for displaying user ads. Expiry : 2 months Type : HTTP adnxs.com criteo.com 2 receive-cookie-deprecation [x2] Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP bebitalia.com 2 bebitalia-advertising Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP bebitalia-social Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP exchange.mediavine.com 7 am_tokens Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 14 days Type : HTTP am_tokens_eu-v1 Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 14 days Type : HTTP am_tokens_invalidate-verizon-pushes Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 14 days Type : HTTP criteo Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 14 days Type : HTTP mv_tokens Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 14 days Type : HTTP mv_tokens_eu-v1 Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 14 days Type : HTTP mv_tokens_invalidate-verizon-pushes Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 14 days Type : HTTP omnitagjs.com 2 ayl_visitor This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP visitor/sync This cookie is used to assign specific visitors into segments, this segmentation is based on visitor behavior on the website - the segmentation can be used to target larger groups. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel pinterest.com teads.tv 2 ar_debug [x2] Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP shop.bebitalia.com 6 __anact Tracks the user’s interaction with the website’s search-bar-function. This data can be used to present the user with relevant products or services. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP cquid Determines which products the user has viewed, allowing the website to promote related products. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP dw_dnt Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP dwsid This cookie is set to count the number of times a specific visitor is shown a specific ad – the cookie enables the advertisers to differentiate the specific ads shown and thereby making the advertising more efficient. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP optiMonkClientId Collects information on what products the visitor has viewed and the content of the shopping-cart. This is used to increase the website's conversion rate through targeted advertisement and product promotions through emails. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP optiMonkSession Implements pop-up advertisement on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP www.bebitalia.com 6 OptiMonkShopAttributes Implements pop-up advertisement on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML OptiMonkVisitorAttributes Implements pop-up advertisement on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML recently_compared_product This cookie is used to determine which products the visitor has viewed. This information is used to promote related products and optimize ad-efficiency. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML recently_compared_product_previous Collects information on which products have been viewed by the visitor - This is used for optimizing the specific visitor's navigation on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML recently_viewed_product Collects information on which products have been viewed by the visitor - This is used for optimizing the specific visitor's navigation on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML recently_viewed_product_previous Collects information on which products have been viewed by the visitor - This is used for optimizing the specific visitor's navigation on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Unclassified 12 Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Salesforce 2 Learn more about this provider igodigitalst_510005954 Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP shop.bebitalia.comLA_VISITOR_INFO Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTML bebitalia.com 3 bebitalia-accepted Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP bebitalia-other Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP bebitalia-version Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP product-identity.bebitalia.com virtual-showroom.bebitalia.com 2 bebvs-lang [x2] Pending Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP shop.bebitalia.com 2 last-product-pid Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTML optiMonkEmbedded190878 Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP www.bebitalia.com 2 _storageSupported Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML modal-start-time Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML www.sfylytics.com 1 _pk_testcookie Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Cross-domain consent 7 Your consent applies to the following domains: List of domains your consent applies to: product-identity.bebitalia.com content.bebitalia.com collection-experience.bebitalia.com design-service.bebitalia.com virtual-showroom.bebitalia.com shop.bebitalia.com bebitalia.com Cookie declaration last updated on 4/12/24 by Cookiebot [#IABV2_TITLE#] [#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] COOKIE POLICY This information is related to the websites www.bebitalia.com | www.maxalto.com (the “ Site ”) and is provided by the following company acting as autonomous controller pursuant to Article 4(7) Regulation EU 2016/679 (“ GDPR ”) B&B Italia S.p.A. with registered      office at Via Manzoni 38, 20121  Milan (“ B&B ”) (hereinafter referred to as “ Controller ”). WHAT COOKIES ARE AND HOW WE USE THEM? A cookie is a small text file that a Site, when you visit it, sends to your device (computer, mobile device such as smartphone or tablet), where it is stored before being sent back to that site during the subsequent visit. Thanks to the use of cookies, the Site is able to identify users accessing the Site in order to improve the browsing experience of the identified user. In order to prevent cookies from being stored on his terminal and browser, a user must disable them. TYPES OF COOKIES. There are different types of cookies based, first of all, on to who installs them on the user's terminal. Cookies can, in fact, be installed by the same publisher of the Site that the user is visiting (so-called " first-party cookies ") or by a third party, which installs cookies through the first Site (so-called " third-party cookies "). You can always obtain all the detailed information about the cookies used, monitor the cookies in use, check for which categories of cookies you have provided consent, and if necessary, revoke or modify your consent through the Cookie information banner, that is presented to you when you access the Site for the first time, and which you can access  whenever you wish by clicking on the paperclip icon accessible form each page of the Site (bottom left).   Cookies are also distinguished according to their purpose. In particular:  - Technical/functionality cookies . They can be either session cookies (e.g. cookies that are      automatically deleted when a user closes the browser) or persistent      cookies that are used to remember information used between two separate      logins. These cookies are used solely to allow the user to navigate or to      provide a service requested by the user. They remember the information      that the user provides while browsing the pages of the Site. They include,      for example, cookies that allow a user to make a purchase, that allow      authentication to restricted areas or that store the language and      nationality selected by the user when visiting the Site. Analytical/performance/statistical cookies. They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and      to see how they move around our Site while using it. This helps us to      improve the operation of our Site, for example, by ensuring that users      easily find what they are looking for. Profiling and marketing cookies. They can be either from us or third parties and are used to      analyse the interests and browsing habits of individual users, in order to      customize their browsing and deliver, for example, targeted contents,      including advertisings. Only profiling cookies and analytical cookies of third parties require the user's prior consent to their use. The Site uses first-party technical cookies, for which no user's consent is required, as well as third-party analytical and profiling cookies that, instead, require consent to their use. METHODS TO GIVE CONSENT TO PROFILING AND ANALYTICAL COOKIES 3.1 During the first visit to the Site you can accept all or part of the cookies from the cookie banner of the Site. 3.2 During subsequent visits to the Site (provided that you have previously expressed your preference for the use of cookies, as indicated in point 3.1), you can modify your selections and remove cookies previously installed by clicking on the paperclip icon accessible form each page of the Site (bottom left). 3.3 In any case, through the browser settings. The procedure to follow to configure these settings is as follows: INTERNET EXPLORER . Edit Cookie settings Click on the "Tools" icon, "Internet Options", then the "Privacy" tab. You can adjust the cookie acceptance policy by bringing up or down the relative slider or click on the button "Sites" and in the window that appears to allow or block the acceptance of cookies by site. Click "OK" to apply the changes Cookie Cancellation Select "Tools", "Internet Options", then "Delete" from the "Browsing chronology" frame. You will find a series of items including Cookie. Verify that the checkmark is activated in correspondence to its name and press "Delete". https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/delete-and-manage-cookies-168dab11-0753-043d-7c16-ede5947fc64d GOOGLE CHROME . Edit Cookie settings Type chrome: // settings / in the address bar then select "Show advanced settings" at the bottom of the page and then click on "Content settings" in the "Privacy" section and then on "Allow data saving locally" (recommended) ", then "Finish". Cookie Cancellation Access the options via the menu icon, then select the "Privacy" section. In the history entry choose: "use custom settings" then click on "Show cookies". The Cookie window will be displayed: In the "Search" field, enter the name of the site whose cookies you want to remove. A list will appear showing the cookies related to the search performed. In the list, select the cookies to remove and click on the "Remove Selected" button. To delete all cookies stored on your computer you can use the "Remove all cookies" button. We advise you to always check the updated guide by clicking here: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en-uk MOZILLA FIREFOX . Edit Cookie settings Access the options via the menu icon, then select the "Privacy" section. In the chronology choose: "use custom settings" then adjust the management of cookies through the options made available by the program. Click "OK" to apply the changes. Cookie cancellation Access the options via the menu icon, then select the "Privacy" section. In the chronology choose: "use custom settings" then click on "Show cookies". The Cookie window will be displayed: In the "Search" field, enter the name of the site whose cookies you want to remove. A list will appear showing the cookies related to the search performed. In the list, select the cookies to remove and click on the "Remove Selected" button. To delete all cookies stored on your computer you can use the "Remove all cookies" button. We advise you to always check the updated guide by clicking here: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/how-clear-firefox-cache SAFARI. Edit Cookie settings Click on "Preferences" from the "Tools" menu then select the "Privacy" section. Choose the cookie management policy by picking an option from those proposed by the program and then close the options window with the closing icon at the top right. Cookie Cancellation Click on "Preferences" from the "Tools" menu then select the "Privacy" section. Click on "Remove all Site data" and then confirm your choice. Choose the cookie management policy by choosing an option from those proposed by the program and then close the options window with the closing icon at the top right. However, we advise you to always check the updated guide by clicking on https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/manage-cookies-sfri11471/mac In case of devices such as smartphones, tablets, etc., we ask you to verify that each browser on each device is regulated to express your preferences regarding cookies. For behavioral advertising cookies you can also set your preferences through the Site www.youronlinechoices.com (the system operates with reference to member companies that use cookies for behavioral advertising). COOKIES INSTALLED THROUGH THE SITE. B&B ITALIA S.p.A. use functional, analytical, profiling and marketing cookies (and similar technologies), placed by themselves and third parties, in order to measure the use of, optimise and further develop our website, as well as for (personalised) advertising purposes and to monitor and analyse your internet behaviour.   By clicking on “Refuse unnecessary” only technical/functionality cookies will be installed, strictly necessary and functional to allow the use of the Site.  By clicking on “Accept all” you consent to the use of all the cookies.  By clicking on “Change settings” you can accept or refuse cookies on the basis on your preferences and save your choices. You can modify your options anytime. To know more refer to our Cookie Policy . What is a cookie and what is it used for? Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make the user experience more efficient. Cookies allow us to store small amounts of information on your computer about your visits to our Site.   Why do we use cookies?   We use cookies to personalise contents and ads, to provide social media functionalities and to analyze our traffic.  We also share information about the way you use our site with our web analytics, advertising and social media partners, who may associate it with other information that you have provided to them or that they have collected from your use of their services. You accept our cookies if you continue to use our website.   How do we use cookies?   We may store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the functionality of this website. For all other cookies we need your consent.   What kind of cookies do we use?   This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies, displayed on our pages, are set by third party services. You can change the cookie settings in your browser at any time to allow you to use all functions without restriction when browsing our website. We invite you to consult our Privacy Policy on the website, providing all the information about who we are, how we process Personal Data and how you can contact us. Your consent applies to the following domains: …………. Your current state: ……… Your consent ID: …………. Consent date: …………. Change your consent. Cookie declaration last updated on ………:  by Cookiebot: RIGHTS OF THE DATA SUBJECTS Undercertain conditions, the GDPR provides the data subjects with the following rights with regard to their personal data: access, rectification, erasure,restriction, objection, withdrawal of consent, data portability. Forfurther information on the mentioned rights and about how to exercise themplease consult the Privacy Notice on our  Site at this link www.bebitalia.com | www.maxalto.com 6.EXERCISE OF RIGHTS Toprotect their rights and personal data, data subjects may, at any time, decideto lodge a complaint before the competent supervisory authority or to takelegal action before the competent national courts. Withoutprejudice to the foregoing, we always invite data subjects to contact us viathe contact channels provided at paragraph 7 below for any query related topersonal data. 7. FURTHER INFORMATION TheControllers, with reference to cookies installed directly from the Site,specify the following: data are collected only for the purposes and for     the duration indicated in the tables above and are processed using     computer methods; use of technical cookies does not require the     prior consent of the user as these are cookies necessary to allow     navigation within the Site and the proper functioning of the Site itself.     In case of removal of technical cookies through browser settings, navigation     within the Site may not be, in whole or in part, possible; data collected from the first party cookies may     be communicated to persons acting on behalf of the Controllers as     processors or as persons authorized to the processing, for purposes     related to those described previous. The Controller commit to provide support to the user who contact them forinformation about their rights regarding to cookies, included the deletion offrom their browsers. The Controllers can be reached through the following contacts: B&B Italia S.p.A. E-mail: privacy@bebitalia.com Do not sell or share my personal information Refuse unnecessary Allow selection Change settings Accept all Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics The store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled. JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser. Contact form Contattaci Domande frequenti Dove trovo l’elenco dei punti vendita? La lista completa degli Stores e rivenditori autorizzati è presente nella sezione ‘Store Locator’ del nostro sito internet link > Store Locator Posso acquistare direttamente dalla fabbrica? I nostri prodotti sono distribuiti esclusivamente attraverso i nostri Stores e rivenditori autorizzati, elencati nella sezione ‘Store Locator’ del nostro sito internet Store Locator Come posso fare per ricevere il catalogo stampato? Il catalogo può essere richiesto inviando mail a info@bebitalia.com con i dati completi compresi di indirizzo postale e recapito telefonico Dove visualizzo i cataloghi online? E’ possibile consultare ed effettuare il download dei cataloghi in versione pdf nella sezione ‘Cataloghi’ del nostro sito internet Cataloghi B&B Italia | Cataloghi Maxalto Presso quale rivenditore posso vedere un prodotto che mi interessa? Per informazioni relative ai prodotti presenti presso i nostri Stores e rivenditori autorizzati, scrivere ad info@bebitalia.com – Tel +39 031 795213 (n.verde per l’Italia 800 018 370) Dove trovo le istruzioni di lavaggio dei tessuti e manutenzione/pulizia di pelli e finiture? TESSUTI: Per i prodotti imbottiti, insieme all’elemento viene fornito il campione di tessuto con il quale è stato realizzato, con indicazioni delle istruzioni di lavaggio. In mancanza di scheda tecnica, contattare info@bebitalia.com specificando il nome/codice del tessuto –  Se non si hanno dettagli del tessuto, si consiglia di procedere  con lavaggio a secco PELLI: Unitamente al prodotto, viene fornita una scheda tecnica dove sono indicate specifiche istruzioni di  manutenzione dei prodotti in pelle. Presso i nostri Stores e rivenditori autorizzati è possibile acquistare il nostro kit dedicato per manutenzione e pulizia pelle FINITURE: Unitamente al prodotto, viene fornita una scheda tecnica con istruzioni di  manutenzione/pulizia dei materiali Dove trovo le istruzioni di  manutenzione del rivestimento in pelle? Unitamente al prodotto, viene fornita una scheda tecnica dove sono indicate specifiche istruzioni di  manutenzione dei prodotti in pelle. Presso i nostri Stores e rivenditori autorizzati è possibile acquistare il nostro kit dedicato per manutenzione e pulizia pelle E' possibile rivestire a nuovo il prodotto che possiedo  oppure acquistare nuove fodere ? Con il nome del modello, codice articolo e copia della  Scheda Prodotto-Garanzia (che riporta nell’ultima pagina il timbro con il codice di collaudo) recarsi presso i nostri Stores o  rivenditori autorizzati per verificare la possibilità di rivestire a nuovo il prodotto o la fattibilità di nuove fodere Come posso ottenere assistenza per risolvere un problema con il prodotto che possiedo? L’assistenza  post vendita viene fornita unicamente attraverso  i nostri Stores o rivenditori autorizzati. E’ possibile richiedere assistenza  scrivendo all’indirizzo info@bebitalia.com specificando  modello, codice articolo, tramettendo foto del prodotto, tipo di assistenza richiesta, nome del  rivenditore presso il quale si è acquistato il prodotto  ed il consenso scritto per l’inoltro della  richiesta al nostro  rivenditore Dove posso acquistare  un componente di ricambio del prodotto che possiedo? Richiedere assistenza ai nostri Stores o rivenditori autorizzati specificando il nome del modello, codice articolo e con copia della Scheda Prodotto-Garanzia (che riporta nell’ultima pagina il timbro con il codice di collaudo). In assenza della Scheda Prodotto-Garanzia, alcune foto del prodotto saranno di supporto. A chi inoltro la mia richiesta di prezzi di vendita ? Informazioni relative ai prezzi di vendita non vengono fornite direttamente; Dettagli di prezzo possono essere richiesti unicamente ai nostri Stores e rivenditori autorizzati Posso ricevere il listino dei prezzi di vendita ? I listini prezzi sono  uno strumento  di vendita riservato ai nostri Stores e rivenditori autorizzati E' possibile richiedere modifiche al prodotto/modello che mi interessa ? Con nome del modello di interesse, codice articolo e modifiche desiderate rivolgersi ai ns Stores e rivenditori  autorizzati  per verifica  con la nostra azienda la fattibilità di quanto richiesto E' possibile conoscere il tempo di consegna di un prodotto o di un ordine  trasmesso tramite Store o rivenditore autorizzato? Informazioni relative al tempo di consegna di prodotti o di ordini possono essere ottenute unicamente dallo Store o rivenditore autorizzato con il quale si è perfezionato l’acquisto E' possibile ricevere   preventivo per un arredo/progetto  completo ? Per informazioni relative ai prodotti presenti presso i nostri Stores e rivenditori autorizzati, contattare B&B Italia all’indirizzo info@bebitalia.com – Tel +39 031 795213 (n.verde per l’Italia 800 018 370) E' possibile avere files CAD dei prodotti ? I files 2D/3D sono disponibili  nel nostro sito nella sezione ‘Dimensioni e Composizioni’ di ogni pagina di prodotto E' possibile conoscere le finiture dei prodotti pubblicati su riviste/ canali social ? Scrivere all’indirizzo info@bebitalia.com allegando immagine di riferimento del prodotto per essere ricontattati con le informazioni richieste. Come fare per inviare una richiesta di collaborazione diretta con B&B Italia? Richieste di collaborazione diretta sono da inoltrare all’indirizzo info@bebitalia.com allegando profilo aziendale – sito web – elenco dei brand trattati, così che si possa veicolare ai Responsabili dell’area di interesse E' possibile ricevere informazioni sui comunicati stampa? Per qualsiasi richiesta può contattare il nostro ufficio stampa e scrivere all'indirizzo press.lounge@bebitalia.it Motivo del contatto Informazioni prodotto (prezzi, dimensioni, ecc.) Materiali prodotto (immagini, CAD, revit) Cataloghi Informazioni relative alla divisione Contract Informazioni relative alla Company Altro Tipo di catalogo Indoor Outdoor Home Messaggio Nome Cognome Email Nazione Andorra Emirati Arabi Uniti Afghanistan Antigua e Barbuda Anguilla Albania Armenia Angola Antartide Argentina Samoa americane Austria Australia Aruba Isole Åland Azerbaigian Bosnia ed Erzegovina Barbados Bangladesh Belgio Burkina Faso Bulgaria Bahrein Burundi Benin Saint-Barthélemy Bermuda Brunei Bolivia Caraibi olandesi Brasile Bahamas Bhutan Isola Bouvet Botswana Bielorussia Belize Canada Isole Cocos (Keeling) Congo - Kinshasa Repubblica Centrafricana Congo-Brazzaville Svizzera Costa d’Avorio Isole Cook Cile Camerun Cina Colombia Costa Rica Cuba Capo Verde Curaçao Isola Christmas Cipro Cechia Germania Gibuti Danimarca Dominica Repubblica Dominicana Algeria Ecuador Estonia Egitto Sahara occidentale Eritrea Spagna Etiopia Finlandia Figi Isole Falkland Micronesia Isole Fær Øer Francia Gabon Regno Unito Grenada Georgia Guyana francese Guernsey Ghana Gibilterra Groenlandia Gambia Guinea Guadalupa Guinea Equatoriale Grecia Georgia del Sud e Sandwich australi Guatemala Guam Guinea-Bissau Guyana RAS di Hong Kong Isole Heard e McDonald Honduras Croazia Haiti Ungheria Indonesia Irlanda Israele Isola di Man India Territorio britannico dell’Oceano Indiano Iraq Iran Islanda Italia Jersey Giamaica Giordania Giappone Kenya Kirghizistan Cambogia Kiribati Comore Saint Kitts e Nevis Corea del Nord Corea del Sud Kuwait Isole Cayman Kazakistan Laos Libano Saint Lucia Liechtenstein Sri Lanka Liberia Lesotho Lituania Lussemburgo Lettonia Libia Marocco Monaco Moldavia Montenegro Saint Martin Madagascar Isole Marshall Macedonia del Nord Mali Myanmar (Birmania) Mongolia RAS di Macao Isole Marianne settentrionali Martinica Mauritania Montserrat Malta Mauritius Maldive Malawi Messico Malaysia Mozambico Namibia Nuova Caledonia Niger Isola Norfolk Nigeria Nicaragua Paesi Bassi Norvegia Nepal Nauru Niue Nuova Zelanda Oman Panamá Perù Polinesia francese Papua Nuova Guinea Filippine Pakistan Polonia Saint-Pierre e Miquelon Isole Pitcairn Territori palestinesi Portogallo Palau Paraguay Qatar Riunione Romania Serbia Russia Ruanda Arabia Saudita Isole Salomone Seychelles Sudan Svezia Singapore Sant’Elena Slovenia Svalbard e Jan Mayen Slovacchia Sierra Leone San Marino Senegal Somalia Suriname São Tomé e Príncipe El Salvador Sint Maarten Siria Swaziland Isole Turks e Caicos Ciad Terre australi francesi Togo Thailandia Tagikistan Tokelau Timor Est Turkmenistan Tunisia Tonga Turchia Trinidad e Tobago Tuvalu Taiwan Tanzania Ucraina Uganda Altre isole americane del Pacifico Stati Uniti Uruguay Uzbekistan Città del Vaticano Saint Vincent e Grenadine Venezuela Isole Vergini Britanniche Isole Vergini Americane Vietnam Vanuatu Wallis e Futuna Samoa Kosovo Yemen Mayotte Sudafrica Zambia Zimbabwe Città Azienda Privato A&D Professional Ho letto e accetto l’ Informativa Privacy ed i Termini e le Condizioni . Acconsento al trattamento dei miei dati personali per comunicazioni e attività commerciali, promozionali e pubblicitarie da parte di B&B Italia S.p.A. e Design Holding S.p.A. che agiscono come contitolari del trattamento. Sono consapevole che posso revocare il mio consenso in qualsiasi momento. Per maggiori informazioni consulta la nostra Informativa Privacy . Acconsento al trattamento dei miei dati personali per comunicazioni e attività commerciali, promozionali e pubblicitarie da parte delle società del Gruppo Design Holding , che agiscono tutte come contitolari del trattamento. Sono consapevole che posso revocare il mio consenso in qualsiasi momento. Per maggiori informazioni consulta la nostra Informativa Privacy . Acconsento al trattamento dei miei dati personali per creare profili cliente a fini di marketing diretto da parte di B&B Italia S.p.A. e Design Holding S.p.A. che agiscono come contitolari del trattamento. Sono consapevole che posso revocare il mio consenso in qualsiasi momento. Per maggiori informazioni consulta la nostra Informativa Privacy . Acconsento al trattamento dei miei dati personali per creare profili cliente a fini di marketing diretto da parte delle società del Gruppo Design Holding , che agiscono tutte come contitolari del trattamento. Sono consapevole che posso revocare il mio consenso in qualsiasi momento. Per maggiori informazioni consulta la nostra Informativa Privacy . Invia Toggle Nav Menu Prodotti Prodotti Indoor Indoor Divani Poltrone Sedie Letti Tavoli Tavolini Pouf Contenitori zona giorno Contenitori zona notte Complementi Oggettistica VEDI DI PIÙ Outdoor Outdoor Divani Poltrone Sedie Lettini Tavoli Tavolini Pouf Complementi Oggettistica VEDI DI PIÙ VEDI TUTTI I PRODOTTI Season Highlights View Season Highlights Maxalto Maxalto VEDI TUTTI I PRODOTTI Altri Brand: Maxalto Azucena Arclinea Lingua: Italia - Italiano Italia - Italiano Global – English Stati Uniti – Inglese Germania – Inglese Austria – Inglese Francia - Inglese FAQ Contattaci About About Storia Storia Identità Identità Designer Designer Sostenibilità Sostenibilità Network Network Our People Our People Altri Brand: Maxalto Azucena Arclinea Lingua: Italia - Italiano Italia - Italiano Global – English Stati Uniti – Inglese Germania – Inglese Austria – Inglese Francia - Inglese FAQ Contattaci Be inspired Contract Shop A&D AREA Account Cerca Cerca A&D Area SCROLL B&B Italia Villa Arconati: Dambo, Tortello, Lemante... Scopri Outdoor Collection 2024 Guarda ora Scopri di più BE INSPIRED / News Stella McCartney X B&B Italia: nuovo tessuto S-Wave Scopri Villa Arconati: Dambo, Tortello, Lemante... Scopri Outdoor Collection 2024 Guarda ora Scopri di più BE INSPIRED / News Stella McCartney X B&B Italia: nuovo tessuto S-Wave Scopri Villa Arconati: Dambo, Tortello, Lemante... Scopri 1 2 3 4 Iscriviti alla newsletter Product Inspirations Previous Close NEW Tobi-Ishi Outdoor Edward  Barber & Jay Osgerby Tavoli Close NEW Softcage Mario Bellini Divani Close NEW Button Tables Outdoor Edward  Barber & Jay Osgerby Tavolini Close NEW La Bambola Outdoor Mario Bellini Poltrone Close NEW Tobi-Ishi Outdoor Edward  Barber & Jay Osgerby Tavoli Close NEW Softcage Mario Bellini Divani Close NEW Button Tables Outdoor Edward  Barber & Jay Osgerby Tavolini Close NEW La Bambola Outdoor Mario Bellini Poltrone Close NEW Tobi-Ishi Outdoor Edward  Barber & Jay Osgerby Tavoli Next Scopri tutti i prodotti Indoor Scopri Outdoor Scopri Trova lo store B&B Italia più vicino La rete vendita di B&B Italia è presente in 80 paesi con più di 800 negozi e punti vendita autorizzati Scopri Usa la posizione attuale DESIGN SERVICE Hai bisogno di supporto? Connettiti con i nostri showroom per una visita in-store o attraverso una video call e scopri i prodotti insieme ad uno dei nostri esperti Prenota un appuntamento A&D AREA Architetto o designer? Registrati per avere accesso a contenuti esclusivi e materiali di lavoro Registrati ora PROGETTI Scopri la divisione Contract Clicca qui Newsletter Iscriviti alla Newsletter Iscriviti per rimanere aggiornato sulle novità di prodotto B&B Italia, le notizie e i video Nome Cognome Iscriviti alla Newsletter: Paese * Afghanistan Albania Algeria Altre isole americane del Pacifico Andorra Angola Anguilla Antartide Antigua e Barbuda Arabia Saudita Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaigian Bahamas Bahrein Bangladesh Barbados Belgio Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bielorussia Bolivia Bosnia ed Erzegovina Botswana Brasile Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambogia Camerun Canada Capo Verde Caraibi olandesi Cechia Ciad Cile Cina Cipro Città del Vaticano Colombia Comore Congo - Kinshasa Congo-Brazzaville Corea del Nord Corea del Sud Costa Rica Costa d’Avorio Croazia Cuba Curaçao Danimarca Dominica Ecuador Egitto El Salvador Emirati Arabi Uniti Eritrea Estonia Etiopia Figi Filippine Finlandia Francia Gabon Gambia Georgia Georgia del Sud e Sandwich australi Germania Ghana Giamaica Giappone Gibilterra Gibuti Giordania Grecia Grenada Groenlandia Guadalupa Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea Equatoriale Guinea-Bissau Guyana Guyana francese Haiti Honduras India Indonesia Iran Iraq Irlanda Islanda Isola Bouvet Isola Christmas Isola Norfolk Isola di Man Isole Cayman Isole Cocos (Keeling) Isole Cook Isole Falkland Isole Fær Øer Isole Heard e McDonald Isole Marianne settentrionali Isole Marshall Isole Pitcairn Isole Salomone Isole Turks e Caicos Isole Vergini Americane Isole Vergini Britanniche Isole Åland Israele Italia Jersey Kazakistan Kenya Kirghizistan Kiribati Kosovo Kuwait Laos Lesotho Lettonia Libano Liberia Libia Liechtenstein Lituania Lussemburgo Macedonia del Nord Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldive Mali Malta Marocco Martinica Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Messico Micronesia Moldavia Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Mozambico Myanmar (Birmania) Namibia Nauru Nepal Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norvegia Nuova Caledonia Nuova Zelanda Oman Paesi Bassi Pakistan Palau Panamá Papua Nuova Guinea Paraguay Perù Polinesia francese Polonia Portogallo Qatar RAS di Hong Kong RAS di Macao Regno Unito Repubblica Centrafricana Repubblica Dominicana Riunione Romania Ruanda Russia Sahara occidentale Saint Kitts e Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Vincent e Grenadine Saint-Barthélemy Saint-Pierre e Miquelon Samoa Samoa americane San Marino Sant’Elena Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Siria Slovacchia Slovenia Somalia Spagna Sri Lanka Stati Uniti Sudafrica Sudan Suriname Svalbard e Jan Mayen Svezia Svizzera Swaziland São Tomé e Príncipe Tagikistan Taiwan Tanzania Terre australi francesi Territori palestinesi Territorio britannico dell’Oceano Indiano Thailandia Timor Est Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad e Tobago Tunisia Turchia Turkmenistan Tuvalu Ucraina Uganda Ungheria Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Wallis e Futuna Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Azienda Privato A&D Professional Ho letto e accetto l’ Informativa Privacy ed i Termini e le Condizioni . Acconsento al trattamento dei miei dati personali per comunicazioni e attività commerciali, promozionali e pubblicitarie da parte di B&B Italia S.p.A. e Design Holding S.p.A. che agiscono come contitolari del trattamento. Sono consapevole che posso revocare il mio consenso in qualsiasi momento. Per maggiori informazioni consulta la nostra Informativa Privacy . Acconsento al trattamento dei miei dati personali per comunicazioni e attività commerciali, promozionali e pubblicitarie da parte delle società del Gruppo Design Holding , che agiscono tutte come contitolari del trattamento. Sono consapevole che posso revocare il mio consenso in qualsiasi momento. Per maggiori informazioni consulta la nostra Informativa Privacy . Acconsento al trattamento dei miei dati personali per creare profili cliente a fini di marketing diretto da parte di B&B Italia S.p.A. e Design Holding S.p.A. che agiscono come contitolari del trattamento. Sono consapevole che posso revocare il mio consenso in qualsiasi momento. Per maggiori informazioni consulta la nostra Informativa Privacy . Acconsento al trattamento dei miei dati personali per creare profili cliente a fini di marketing diretto da parte delle società del Gruppo Design Holding , che agiscono tutte come contitolari del trattamento. Sono consapevole che posso revocare il mio consenso in qualsiasi momento. Per maggiori informazioni consulta la nostra Informativa Privacy . ISCRIVITI ORA ISCRIVITI ORA Toggle Nav About Products Be Inspired Contract Shop Catalogues Library Dealers Area Store Locator Contacts Instagram Pinterest Facebook Youtube Linkedin © 2023 B&B ITALIA SPA Company Data Corporate Social Responsibility Legals Privacy Policy Cookie Policy NUOVO Scopri il nuovo shop online di B&B Italia COMPRA ORA Close Benvenuto Per una migliore esperienza conferma la tua nazione Italia Altro Global Stati Uniti Germania Austria Francia Benvenuto nella A&D Area I servizi dedicati al mondo dei professionisti Email Password Log In Password dimenticata? Architetto o designer non ancora registrato? Registrati per avere accesso a contenuti esclusivi. Registrati ora Password dimenticata? Please enter your email address below to receive a password reset link. Email Reset My Password Go back Nuovo contatto? Registrati ora Close Checkout as a new customer Creating an account has many benefits: See order and shipping status Track order history Check out faster Create an Account Checkout using your account Email Address Password Sign In Password dimenticata?

Modern Furniture | Contemporary Furniture | B&B Italia Press Option+1 for screen-reader mode, Option+0 to cancel Accessibility Screen-Reader Guide, Feedback, and Issue Reporting Powered by Cookiebot Consent Details [#IABV2SETTINGS#] About Cookies B&B Italia S.p.A. uses cookies, among which technical/functional, analytical, advertising, profiling cookies (and similar technologies), placed by themselves and third parties, to measure the use of, optimise and further develop our website, as well as for (also personalised) advertising purposes and to monitor and analyse your internet behaviour.       By clicking on “Refuse unnecessary” only technical/functionality cookies will be installed, strictly necessary and functional to allow the use of the Site.    By clicking on “Accept all” you consent to the use of all the cookies.    By clicking on “Change settings” you can accept or refuse cookies on the basis on your preferences and save your choices.    You can modify your options anytime.     The closure of this banner by clicking on the “X” button at the top right will result in the default settings that do not allow the use of cookies or other tracking tools other than technical/functional ones.  To know more refer to our Cookie Policy . Consent Selection Technical Cookies (“Strictly Necessary”) Preferences (“Functional”) Analytical Cookies (“Analytical/Performance and Profiled Analytics”) “Profiling Cookies” (“Personalized Advertising, Ratergeting and Social Networking”) Settings Technical Cookies (“Strictly Necessary”) 58 Cookies strictly necessary and functional to allow the use of the Site. Calendly 1 Learn more about this provider __cfruid This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Cookiebot 8 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent [x7] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP 1.gif Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Criteo 1 Learn more about this provider optout Identifies if the visitor has deselected any cookies, trackers or other audience targeting tools. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Google 5 Learn more about this provider test_cookie Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP 1P_JAR Persistent cookie that save user preferences information when browsing Google services Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP OGPC Persistent cookie that save user preferences information when visiting Google maps web pages Expiry : 2 months Type : HTTP rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML ID5 1 Learn more about this provider gdpr Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Nativo 1 Learn more about this provider opt_out Used to detect if the visitor has accepted the marketing category in the cookie banner. This cookie is necessary for GDPR-compliance of the website. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP New Relic 1 Learn more about this provider JSESSIONID Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Pinterest 1 Learn more about this provider is_eu Determines whether the user is located within the EU and therefore is subject to EU's data privacy regulations. Expiry : Session Type : HTML Salesforce 2 Learn more about this provider CookieConsentPolicy Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP LSKey-c$CookieConsentPolicy Determines whether the user has accepted the cookie consent box. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Showefy 1 Learn more about this provider showefy Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Vimeo 4 Learn more about this provider _cfuvid This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP cf_clearance Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP player Saves the user's preferences when playing embedded videos from Vimeo. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP calendly.com fonts.net vimeo.com 3 __cf_bm [x3] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP content.bebitalia.com www.bebitalia.com 2 PHPSESSID [x2] Preserves user session state across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP shop.bebitalia.com 15 __cq_dnt This opt-out cookie identifies if the visitor has deselected any cookies, trackers or other audience targeting tools. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP cqcid Registers whether the user is logged in. This allows the website owner to make parts of the website inaccessible, based on the user's log-in status. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP object(#-#-##:#:#.#) Holds the users timezone. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML sid Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP t3D This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML tADe This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML tADu This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML tAE This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML tC This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML tMQ This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML tPL This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML tTDe This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML tTDu This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML tTE This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML tTf This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML www.bebitalia.com 12 tnsApp This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML form_key Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP mage-cache-sessid This cookie is used in context with load balancing - This optimizes the response rate between the visitor and the site, by distributing the traffic load on multiple network links or servers. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP mage-cache-storage This cookie is used in context with load balancing - This optimizes the response rate between the visitor and the site, by distributing the traffic load on multiple network links or servers. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP mage-cache-storage Used to optimize the loading speed on the website. This is done by pre-loading some procedures in the visitors' browser. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML mage-cache-storage-section-invalidation Used to optimize the loading speed on the website. This is done by pre-loading some procedures in the visitors' browser. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML mage-cache-storage-section-invalidation This cookie is used in context with load balancing - This optimizes the response rate between the visitor and the site, by distributing the traffic load on multiple network links or servers. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP mage-cache-timeout This cookie is necessary for the cache function. A cache is used by the website to optimize the response time between the visitor and the website. The cache is usually stored on the visitor’s browser. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML mage-messages Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP private_content_version This cookie is necessary for the cache function. A cache is used by the website to optimize the response time between the visitor and the website. The cache is usually stored on the visitor’s browser. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP product_data_storage Necessary for the compare-products function on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML recently_compared_product Necessary for the compare-products function on the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Preferences (“Functional”) 7 Cookies recording certain user preferences and optimize Site functionality. Google 1 Learn more about this provider maps/gen_204 Used in context with the website's map integration. The cookie stores user interaction with the map in order to optimize its functionality. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Salesforce 2 Learn more about this provider weird_get_top_level_domain The cookie determines the preferred language and country-setting of the visitor - This allows the website to show content most relevant to that region and language. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP X-Salesforce-CHAT Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider sync_active Contains data on visitor's video-content preferences - This allows the website to remember parameters such as preferred volume or video quality. The service is provided by Vimeo.com. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML bebitalia.com 1 bebitalia-functional Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP www.bebitalia.com 2 om-country This cookie is used to determine the preferred country setting selected by the visitor. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML section_data_ids Used in context with the shopping cart functionality. Remembers any wish-list products and visitor credentials when checking out. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Analytical Cookies (“Analytical/Performance and Profiled Analytics”) 43 Analytical/Performance: Cookies that collect information about how many users visit the Site and what actions they take while browsing to conduct statistical analysis. Profiled Analytics: Cookies used to collect information about users' activity on a website to analyze their behavior and create analytics/segments of users based on preferences Akamai Technologies 1 Learn more about this provider aka_debug Used by Vimeo to track usage of their embedded video player. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Appnexus 1 Learn more about this provider bounce Determines if a user leaves the website straight away. This information is used for internal statistics and analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Google 7 Learn more about this provider _ga [x3] Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _ga_# [x3] Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Hotjar 7 Learn more about this provider _hjSession_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _hjSessionUser_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _hjTLDTest Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP _hjCookieTest Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP _hjIncludedInSample Cookies used to determine if the user is included in Hotjar example used for Hetmap, canalization and information saving Expiry : 9999 days Type : HTTP hjActiveViewportIds This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML hjViewportId Saves the user's screen size in order to adjust the size of images on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTML Media.net 1 Learn more about this provider visitor-id This cookie is used to collect information on the visitor. This information will be stored for internal analytics at the website's operator – Internal analytics is used by websites to optimize their domains. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Microsoft 5 Learn more about this provider _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _clsk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP c.gif Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel _cltk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTML CLID Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP New Relic 1 Learn more about this provider NRBA_SESSION Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Outbrain 1 Learn more about this provider dicbo_id Collects statistics concerning the visitors' use of the website and its general functionality. This is used to optimize and compile reports on the website for comparison through a third party analysis service. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Salesforce 7 Learn more about this provider __cq_uuid Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP BrowserId Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device for return visits. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP BrowserId_sec Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP snapinsPage_# Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML snapinsPageTime_# Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML snapinsPc Determines when the visitor last visited the different subpages on the website, as well as sets a timestamp for when the session started. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML snapinsStart Determines when the visitor last visited the different subpages on the website, as well as sets a timestamp for when the session started. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML bebitalia.com 1 bebitalia-analytics Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP media.net hb.yahoo.net 2 cksync.php [x2] This cookie is used to determine if cookie data synchronization is enabled or disabled – cookie data synchronization is used to synchronize and gather visitor data on several domains. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel shop.bebitalia.com 2 dwac_# Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP dwanonymous_UID{32} This cookie contains a specific ID on the visitor in order to distinguish visitors. This information allows the website to remember the visitor’s preferences, settings and secures the functionality of the shopping basket. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP www.bebitalia.com 4 product_data_storage Determines which products the user has viewed, allowing the website to promote related products. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP recently_compared_product_previous Necessary for the compare-products function on the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP recently_viewed_product Determines which products the user has viewed, allowing the website to promote related products. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP recently_viewed_product_previous Collects information on which products have been viewed by the visitor - This is used for optimizing the specific visitor's navigation on the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP www.sfylytics.com 3 _pk_id# Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _pk_ref# Used by Piwik Analytics Platform to identify the referring website from which the visitor has come. Expiry : 6 months Type : HTTP _pk_ses# Used by Piwik Analytics Platform to track page requests from the visitor during the session. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP “Profiling Cookies” (“Personalized Advertising, Ratergeting and Social Networking”) 100 Personalized Advertising : Cookies recording user interests based on browsing activity (e.g. pages searched on the Site or products clicked) and display personalized ads based on preferences. Retargeting : Cookies tracking users’ action on a website and then show ads to users on websites they visit later. Social Networking : Cookies sharing content on social networks and track users' browsing across multiple sites. Meta Platforms, Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Adform 2 Learn more about this provider C Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP pixel Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Adobe Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider demconf.jpg Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel demdex Via a unique ID that is used for semantic content analysis, the user's navigation on the website is registered and linked to offline data from surveys and similar registrations to display targeted ads. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP dpm Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP Appnexus 4 Learn more about this provider anj Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP setuid This cookie is set by the audience manager of the website to determine the time and frequencies of visitor data synchronization - cookie data synchronization is used to synchronize and gather visitor data from several websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel uuid2 Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP XANDR_PANID This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP Casale Media 4 Learn more about this provider CMID Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP CMPRO Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP CMPS Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP rum Collects data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Criteo 5 Learn more about this provider cto_bundle Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 13 months Type : HTTP cto_tld_test [x2] Used to identify the visitor across visits and devices. This allows the website to present the visitor with relevant advertisement - The service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP cto_bundle Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML criteo_write_test Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Google 7 Learn more about this provider _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP IDE Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP pagead/landing [x2] Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel ads/ga-audiences Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel pagead/1p-conversion/#/ Pending Expiry : Session Type : Pixel pagead/1p-user-list/# Pending Expiry : Session Type : Pixel ID5 6 Learn more about this provider callback Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP car Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP cf Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP cip Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP cnac Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP gpp Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Improve Digital 1 Learn more about this provider match Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Ividence 1 Learn more about this provider sync Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Media.net 2 Learn more about this provider data-c Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP data-c-ts Collects data on the user across websites - This data is used to make advertisement more relevant. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP Microsoft 13 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML MR [x2] Pending Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP MUID [x2] Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP SRM_B Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP ANONCHK Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP SM Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Nativo 1 Learn more about this provider suid/1017 Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel OptiMonk 1 Learn more about this provider optiMonkClient Implements pop-up advertisement on the website. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Pinterest 4 Learn more about this provider _pin_unauth [x2] Used by Pinterest to track the usage of services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _pinterest_ct_ua Used by Pinterest to track the usage of services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP v3/ Used by Pinterest to track the usage of services. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Salesforce 4 Learn more about this provider __cq_seg Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP uuid This cookie is used to optimize ad relevance by collecting visitor data from multiple websites – this exchange of visitor data is normally provided by a third-party data-center or ad-exchange. Expiry : 13 months Type : HTTP igodigitalstdomain Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP igodigitaltc2 Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP Teads 5 Learn more about this provider tfpai Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP tfpsi Registers user behaviour and navigation on the website, and any interaction with active campaigns. This is used for optimizing advertisement and for efficient retargeting. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP tfpvi Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP track Pending Expiry : Session Type : Pixel um Used to identify the visitor across visits and devices. This allows the website to present the visitor with relevant advertisement - The service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Telaria 2 Learn more about this provider tv_UICR Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP tvid Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Triplelift 3 Learn more about this provider tluid This cookie is used to identify the visitor and optimize ad-relevance by collecting visitor data from multiple websites – this exchange of visitor data is normally provided by a third-party data-center or ad-exchange. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP tluidp Pending Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP xuid Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel adform.net criteo.com 2 uid [x2] Registers a unique user ID that recognises the user's browser when visiting websites that use the same ad network. The purpose is to optimise display of ads based on the user's movements and various ad providers' bids for displaying user ads. Expiry : 2 months Type : HTTP adnxs.com criteo.com 2 receive-cookie-deprecation [x2] Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP bebitalia.com 2 bebitalia-advertising Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP bebitalia-social Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP exchange.mediavine.com 7 am_tokens Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 14 days Type : HTTP am_tokens_eu-v1 Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 14 days Type : HTTP am_tokens_invalidate-verizon-pushes Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 14 days Type : HTTP criteo Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 14 days Type : HTTP mv_tokens Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 14 days Type : HTTP mv_tokens_eu-v1 Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 14 days Type : HTTP mv_tokens_invalidate-verizon-pushes Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 14 days Type : HTTP omnitagjs.com 2 ayl_visitor This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP visitor/sync This cookie is used to assign specific visitors into segments, this segmentation is based on visitor behavior on the website - the segmentation can be used to target larger groups. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel pinterest.com teads.tv 2 ar_debug [x2] Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP shop.bebitalia.com 6 __anact Tracks the user’s interaction with the website’s search-bar-function. This data can be used to present the user with relevant products or services. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP cquid Determines which products the user has viewed, allowing the website to promote related products. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP dw_dnt Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP dwsid This cookie is set to count the number of times a specific visitor is shown a specific ad – the cookie enables the advertisers to differentiate the specific ads shown and thereby making the advertising more efficient. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP optiMonkClientId Collects information on what products the visitor has viewed and the content of the shopping-cart. This is used to increase the website's conversion rate through targeted advertisement and product promotions through emails. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP optiMonkSession Implements pop-up advertisement on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP www.bebitalia.com 6 OptiMonkShopAttributes Implements pop-up advertisement on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML OptiMonkVisitorAttributes Implements pop-up advertisement on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML recently_compared_product This cookie is used to determine which products the visitor has viewed. This information is used to promote related products and optimize ad-efficiency. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML recently_compared_product_previous Collects information on which products have been viewed by the visitor - This is used for optimizing the specific visitor's navigation on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML recently_viewed_product Collects information on which products have been viewed by the visitor - This is used for optimizing the specific visitor's navigation on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML recently_viewed_product_previous Collects information on which products have been viewed by the visitor - This is used for optimizing the specific visitor's navigation on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Unclassified 12 Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Salesforce 2 Learn more about this provider igodigitalst_510005954 Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP shop.bebitalia.comLA_VISITOR_INFO Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTML bebitalia.com 3 bebitalia-accepted Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP bebitalia-other Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP bebitalia-version Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP product-identity.bebitalia.com virtual-showroom.bebitalia.com 2 bebvs-lang [x2] Pending Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP shop.bebitalia.com 2 last-product-pid Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTML optiMonkEmbedded190878 Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP www.bebitalia.com 2 _storageSupported Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML modal-start-time Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML www.sfylytics.com 1 _pk_testcookie Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Cross-domain consent 7 Your consent applies to the following domains: List of domains your consent applies to: product-identity.bebitalia.com content.bebitalia.com collection-experience.bebitalia.com design-service.bebitalia.com virtual-showroom.bebitalia.com shop.bebitalia.com bebitalia.com Cookie declaration last updated on 4/12/24 by Cookiebot [#IABV2_TITLE#] [#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] COOKIE POLICY This information is related to the websites www.bebitalia.com | www.maxalto.com (the “ Site ”) and is provided by the following company acting as autonomous controller pursuant to Article 4(7) Regulation EU 2016/679 (“ GDPR ”) B&B Italia S.p.A. with registered      office at Via Manzoni 38, 20121  Milan (“ B&B ”) (hereinafter referred to as “ Controller ”). WHAT COOKIES ARE AND HOW WE USE THEM? A cookie is a small text file that a Site, when you visit it, sends to your device (computer, mobile device such as smartphone or tablet), where it is stored before being sent back to that site during the subsequent visit. Thanks to the use of cookies, the Site is able to identify users accessing the Site in order to improve the browsing experience of the identified user. In order to prevent cookies from being stored on his terminal and browser, a user must disable them. TYPES OF COOKIES. There are different types of cookies based, first of all, on to who installs them on the user's terminal. Cookies can, in fact, be installed by the same publisher of the Site that the user is visiting (so-called " first-party cookies ") or by a third party, which installs cookies through the first Site (so-called " third-party cookies "). You can always obtain all the detailed information about the cookies used, monitor the cookies in use, check for which categories of cookies you have provided consent, and if necessary, revoke or modify your consent through the Cookie information banner, that is presented to you when you access the Site for the first time, and which you can access  whenever you wish by clicking on the paperclip icon accessible form each page of the Site (bottom left).   Cookies are also distinguished according to their purpose. In particular:  - Technical/functionality cookies . They can be either session cookies (e.g. cookies that are      automatically deleted when a user closes the browser) or persistent      cookies that are used to remember information used between two separate      logins. These cookies are used solely to allow the user to navigate or to      provide a service requested by the user. They remember the information      that the user provides while browsing the pages of the Site. They include,      for example, cookies that allow a user to make a purchase, that allow      authentication to restricted areas or that store the language and      nationality selected by the user when visiting the Site. Analytical/performance/statistical cookies. They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and      to see how they move around our Site while using it. This helps us to      improve the operation of our Site, for example, by ensuring that users      easily find what they are looking for. Profiling and marketing cookies. They can be either from us or third parties and are used to      analyse the interests and browsing habits of individual users, in order to      customize their browsing and deliver, for example, targeted contents,      including advertisings. Only profiling cookies and analytical cookies of third parties require the user's prior consent to their use. The Site uses first-party technical cookies, for which no user's consent is required, as well as third-party analytical and profiling cookies that, instead, require consent to their use. METHODS TO GIVE CONSENT TO PROFILING AND ANALYTICAL COOKIES 3.1 During the first visit to the Site you can accept all or part of the cookies from the cookie banner of the Site. 3.2 During subsequent visits to the Site (provided that you have previously expressed your preference for the use of cookies, as indicated in point 3.1), you can modify your selections and remove cookies previously installed by clicking on the paperclip icon accessible form each page of the Site (bottom left). 3.3 In any case, through the browser settings. The procedure to follow to configure these settings is as follows: INTERNET EXPLORER . Edit Cookie settings Click on the "Tools" icon, "Internet Options", then the "Privacy" tab. You can adjust the cookie acceptance policy by bringing up or down the relative slider or click on the button "Sites" and in the window that appears to allow or block the acceptance of cookies by site. Click "OK" to apply the changes Cookie Cancellation Select "Tools", "Internet Options", then "Delete" from the "Browsing chronology" frame. You will find a series of items including Cookie. Verify that the checkmark is activated in correspondence to its name and press "Delete". https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/delete-and-manage-cookies-168dab11-0753-043d-7c16-ede5947fc64d GOOGLE CHROME . Edit Cookie settings Type chrome: // settings / in the address bar then select "Show advanced settings" at the bottom of the page and then click on "Content settings" in the "Privacy" section and then on "Allow data saving locally" (recommended) ", then "Finish". Cookie Cancellation Access the options via the menu icon, then select the "Privacy" section. In the history entry choose: "use custom settings" then click on "Show cookies". The Cookie window will be displayed: In the "Search" field, enter the name of the site whose cookies you want to remove. A list will appear showing the cookies related to the search performed. In the list, select the cookies to remove and click on the "Remove Selected" button. To delete all cookies stored on your computer you can use the "Remove all cookies" button. We advise you to always check the updated guide by clicking here: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en-uk MOZILLA FIREFOX . Edit Cookie settings Access the options via the menu icon, then select the "Privacy" section. In the chronology choose: "use custom settings" then adjust the management of cookies through the options made available by the program. Click "OK" to apply the changes. Cookie cancellation Access the options via the menu icon, then select the "Privacy" section. In the chronology choose: "use custom settings" then click on "Show cookies". The Cookie window will be displayed: In the "Search" field, enter the name of the site whose cookies you want to remove. A list will appear showing the cookies related to the search performed. In the list, select the cookies to remove and click on the "Remove Selected" button. To delete all cookies stored on your computer you can use the "Remove all cookies" button. We advise you to always check the updated guide by clicking here: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/how-clear-firefox-cache SAFARI. Edit Cookie settings Click on "Preferences" from the "Tools" menu then select the "Privacy" section. Choose the cookie management policy by picking an option from those proposed by the program and then close the options window with the closing icon at the top right. Cookie Cancellation Click on "Preferences" from the "Tools" menu then select the "Privacy" section. Click on "Remove all Site data" and then confirm your choice. Choose the cookie management policy by choosing an option from those proposed by the program and then close the options window with the closing icon at the top right. However, we advise you to always check the updated guide by clicking on https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/manage-cookies-sfri11471/mac In case of devices such as smartphones, tablets, etc., we ask you to verify that each browser on each device is regulated to express your preferences regarding cookies. For behavioral advertising cookies you can also set your preferences through the Site www.youronlinechoices.com (the system operates with reference to member companies that use cookies for behavioral advertising). COOKIES INSTALLED THROUGH THE SITE. B&B ITALIA S.p.A. use functional, analytical, profiling and marketing cookies (and similar technologies), placed by themselves and third parties, in order to measure the use of, optimise and further develop our website, as well as for (personalised) advertising purposes and to monitor and analyse your internet behaviour.   By clicking on “Refuse unnecessary” only technical/functionality cookies will be installed, strictly necessary and functional to allow the use of the Site.  By clicking on “Accept all” you consent to the use of all the cookies.  By clicking on “Change settings” you can accept or refuse cookies on the basis on your preferences and save your choices. You can modify your options anytime. To know more refer to our Cookie Policy . What is a cookie and what is it used for? Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make the user experience more efficient. Cookies allow us to store small amounts of information on your computer about your visits to our Site.   Why do we use cookies?   We use cookies to personalise contents and ads, to provide social media functionalities and to analyze our traffic.  We also share information about the way you use our site with our web analytics, advertising and social media partners, who may associate it with other information that you have provided to them or that they have collected from your use of their services. You accept our cookies if you continue to use our website.   How do we use cookies?   We may store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the functionality of this website. For all other cookies we need your consent.   What kind of cookies do we use?   This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies, displayed on our pages, are set by third party services. You can change the cookie settings in your browser at any time to allow you to use all functions without restriction when browsing our website. We invite you to consult our Privacy Policy on the website, providing all the information about who we are, how we process Personal Data and how you can contact us. Your consent applies to the following domains: …………. Your current state: ……… Your consent ID: …………. Consent date: …………. Change your consent. Cookie declaration last updated on ………:  by Cookiebot: RIGHTS OF THE DATA SUBJECTS Undercertain conditions, the GDPR provides the data subjects with the following rights with regard to their personal data: access, rectification, erasure,restriction, objection, withdrawal of consent, data portability. Forfurther information on the mentioned rights and about how to exercise themplease consult the Privacy Notice on our  Site at this link www.bebitalia.com | www.maxalto.com 6.EXERCISE OF RIGHTS Toprotect their rights and personal data, data subjects may, at any time, decideto lodge a complaint before the competent supervisory authority or to takelegal action before the competent national courts. Withoutprejudice to the foregoing, we always invite data subjects to contact us viathe contact channels provided at paragraph 7 below for any query related topersonal data. 7. FURTHER INFORMATION TheControllers, with reference to cookies installed directly from the Site,specify the following: data are collected only for the purposes and for     the duration indicated in the tables above and are processed using     computer methods; use of technical cookies does not require the     prior consent of the user as these are cookies necessary to allow     navigation within the Site and the proper functioning of the Site itself.     In case of removal of technical cookies through browser settings, navigation     within the Site may not be, in whole or in part, possible; data collected from the first party cookies may     be communicated to persons acting on behalf of the Controllers as     processors or as persons authorized to the processing, for purposes     related to those described previous. The Controller commit to provide support to the user who contact them forinformation about their rights regarding to cookies, included the deletion offrom their browsers. The Controllers can be reached through the following contacts: B&B Italia S.p.A. E-mail: privacy@bebitalia.com Do not sell or share my personal information Refuse unnecessary Allow selection Change settings Accept all Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics The store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled. JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser. Contact form Write to us Frequent questions Where can I find the list of stores? The complete list of Stores and authorized dealers is available in the ‘Store Locator’ section of our website. Store Locator It is also possible to shop online on B&B Italia's e-commerce platform. Purchase from the online store is limited to certain states. B&B Italia's e-commerce platform Can I buy directly from the factory? Our products are distributed exclusively through our Stores and authorized dealers, listed in the ‘Store Locator’ section of our website link > Store Locator How can I receive the printed catalogue? To request a catalogue, please write at info@bebitalia.com with your details, postal address along with telephone number. Where can I browse and download the online catalogues? You can browse and download the PDF catalogues from the ‘Catalogues’ section of our website B&B Italia Catalogues | Maxalto Catalogues By which Store of authorized dealer can I see/try a product I am interested in? For information on the products on display by our Stores and authorized dealers, please contact us at info@bebitalia.com – Tel +39 031 795213 (toll-free number when calling from Italy 800 018 370) Where can I find fabric washing instructions and maintenance/cleaning indication for leather and finishes? FABRICS For upholstered products, along with the element is delivered the sample of the fabric in which the product is realized with indication of the washing instructions. If you do not have the datasheet, please write at info@bebitalia.com specifying the name and/or code of the fabric – If you do not know the fabric details, dry cleaning is always recommended. LEATHERS Together with the product, we provide a technical datasheet where are indicated specific leather maintenance instructions. From our Stores and authorized dealers, it is possible to order our dedicated kit for leather maintenance and cleaning. FINISHES Together with the product, we provide a technical datasheet where are indicated specific material maintenance/cleaning instructions. Is it possible to re-cover a product or to purchase a new cover? Visit one of our Stores or authorized dealers with the name of the model, the item code and copy of the Product Datasheet-Guarantee where is indicated the product test code (last page of the document) to check the possibility of recovering the product or the feasibility of new covers. How can I obtain support to solve a problem concerning my product? We provide after-sale support exclusively through our Stores and authorized dealers. To request assistance, please write at info@bebitalia.com providing the model, the item code, some pictures of the product, description of the required support, the name of the dealer where the product was purchased and written consent (for Privacy Policy) to forward the request to our dealer. Where can I buy a spare part for my product? Please refer to one of our Stores or authorized dealers for support, providing the name of the model, the item code and copy of the Product Datasheet-Guarantee where is indicated the product test code (last page of the document). In absence of the Product Datasheet-Guarantee, some pictures of the product would be helpful. Who should I contact to ask for retail prices? We do not provide information on retail prices. Price details can be obtained exclusively from our Stores and authorized dealers. Can I receive a price list ? Price lists are a sales instrument used and previewed exclusively for our Stores and authorized dealers. Can I ask for changes to be made to a product/model I am interested in? Contact one of our Stores or authorized dealers, specifying the name of the product, the item code and description of the required customization, to check the feasibility with our company Is it possible to know the delivery time of a product or order placed through a Store or authorized dealer? Information related to the delivery time of a product or order can only be obtained from the Store or authorized dealer through which the order was placed Can I receive a quotation for a complete furniture project/design? To define the project, please write at info@bebitalia.com with the following information: - name and location of the project - name of the architect/studio working on the project/who is specifying the products - list of required products along with quantities - use and precise destination of the goods - requested delivery times - where/to who products should be invoiced in case of order Is it possible to receive 2D/3D files of products? 2D/3D files are available in our website in the ‘Dimensions and Compositions’ section of each product page Is it possible to obtain information on the fabrics/leathers and finishes of products published on catalogues/magazines or posted on social channels? Please write at info@bebitalia.com enclosing the product image; we will contact you with the requested information. How can I send a direct cooperation request? Please write your request at info@bebitalia.com , enclosing your company profile, website and the list of brands you deal with in order to submit the request to the area manager in charge. How can I get press information? For any press enquiry, please get in touch with our press office and write at press.lounge@bebitalia.it Subject of the enquiry Product info (prices, dimensions) Product materials (images, CAD, revit) Catalogues Contract info Company info Other Type of Catalogue Indoor Outdoor Home Message Name Surname Email Nation Andorra United Arab Emirates Afghanistan Antigua & Barbuda Anguilla Albania Armenia Angola Antarctica Argentina American Samoa Austria Australia Aruba Åland Islands Azerbaijan Bosnia & Herzegovina Barbados Bangladesh Belgium Burkina Faso Bulgaria Bahrain Burundi Benin St. Barthélemy Bermuda Brunei Bolivia Caribbean Netherlands Brazil Bahamas Bhutan Bouvet Island Botswana Belarus Belize Canada Cocos (Keeling) Islands Congo - Kinshasa Central African Republic Congo - Brazzaville Switzerland Côte d’Ivoire Cook Islands Chile Cameroon China Colombia Costa Rica Cuba Cape Verde Curaçao Christmas Island Cyprus Czechia Germany Djibouti Denmark Dominica Dominican Republic Algeria Ecuador Estonia Egypt Western Sahara Eritrea Spain Ethiopia Finland Fiji Falkland Islands Micronesia Faroe Islands France Gabon United Kingdom Grenada Georgia French Guiana Guernsey Ghana Gibraltar Greenland Gambia Guinea Guadeloupe Equatorial Guinea Greece South Georgia & South Sandwich Islands Guatemala Guam Guinea-Bissau Guyana Hong Kong SAR China Heard & McDonald Islands Honduras Croatia Haiti Hungary Indonesia Ireland Israel Isle of Man India British Indian Ocean Territory Iraq Iran Iceland Italy Jersey Jamaica Jordan Japan Kenya Kyrgyzstan Cambodia Kiribati Comoros St. Kitts & Nevis North Korea South Korea Kuwait Cayman Islands Kazakhstan Laos Lebanon St. Lucia Liechtenstein Sri Lanka Liberia Lesotho Lithuania Luxembourg Latvia Libya Morocco Monaco Moldova Montenegro St. Martin Madagascar Marshall Islands North Macedonia Mali Myanmar (Burma) Mongolia Macao SAR China Northern Mariana Islands Martinique Mauritania Montserrat Malta Mauritius Maldives Malawi Mexico Malaysia Mozambique Namibia New Caledonia Niger Norfolk Island Nigeria Nicaragua Netherlands Norway Nepal Nauru Niue New Zealand Oman Panama Peru French Polynesia Papua New Guinea Philippines Pakistan Poland St. Pierre & Miquelon Pitcairn Islands Palestinian Territories Portugal Palau Paraguay Qatar Réunion Romania Serbia Russia Rwanda Saudi Arabia Solomon Islands Seychelles Sudan Sweden Singapore St. Helena Slovenia Svalbard & Jan Mayen Slovakia Sierra Leone San Marino Senegal Somalia Suriname São Tomé & Príncipe El Salvador Sint Maarten Syria Eswatini Turks & Caicos Islands Chad French Southern Territories Togo Thailand Tajikistan Tokelau Timor-Leste Turkmenistan Tunisia Tonga Turkey Trinidad & Tobago Tuvalu Taiwan, Province of China Tanzania Ukraine Uganda U.S. Outlying Islands United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vatican City St. Vincent & Grenadines Venezuela British Virgin Islands U.S. Virgin Islands Vietnam Vanuatu Wallis & Futuna Samoa Kosovo Yemen Mayotte South Africa Zambia Zimbabwe City Company Private A&D Professional I have read and I accept the Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions . I consent to the processing of my personal data for commercial, promotional and advertising communications and activities by B&B Italia S.p.A. and Design Holding S.p.A. as joint controllers. I acknowledge that I may withdraw my consent at any time. Click here to check the Privacy Policy . I consent to the processing of my personal data for commercial, promotional and advertising communications and activities by the companies of the Design Holding Group as joint controllers. I acknowledge that I may withdraw my consent at any time. Click here to check the Privacy Policy . I consent to the processing of my personal data to create customer profiles for direct marketing purposes by B&B Italia S.p.A. and Design Holding S.p.A. as joint controllers. I acknowledge that I may withdraw my consent at any time. Click here to check the Privacy Policy . I consent to the processing of my personal data to create customer profiles for direct marketing purposes by B&B Italia S.p.A. as well as by the other companies of the Design Holding Group as joint controllers. I acknowledge that I may withdraw my consent at any time. Click here to check the Privacy Policy . Send Toggle Nav Menu Products Products Indoor Indoor Sofas Armchairs Chairs Beds Tables Small Tables Ottomans Living storage units Night storage units Complements Objects VIEW ALL Outdoor Outdoor Sofas Armchairs Chairs Sunbeds Tables Small Tables Ottomans Complements Objects VIEW ALL VIEW ALL PRODUCTS Season Highlights View Season Highlights Maxalto Maxalto VIEW ALL PRODUCTS Our Brands: Maxalto Azucena Arclinea Language: United States – English United States – English Italy – Italian Global – English Germany - English Austria – English France - English FAQ's Contact us About About History History Identity Identity Designers Designers Sustainability Sustainability Network Network Our People Our People Our Brands: Maxalto Azucena Arclinea Language: United States – English United States – English Italy – Italian Global – English Germany - English Austria – English France - English FAQ's Contact us Be inspired Contract Shop A&D AREA Account Search Search A&D Area SCROLL B&B Italia Discover more Outdoor Collection 2024 WATCH NOW BE INSPIRED / New product Stella McCartney X B&B Italia: Slip into something new. DISCOVER NOW 135 Madison Avenue: the new design destination VISIT NOW Discover more Outdoor Collection 2024 WATCH NOW BE INSPIRED / New product Stella McCartney X B&B Italia: Slip into something new. DISCOVER NOW 135 Madison Avenue: the new design destination VISIT NOW Discover more 1 2 3 4 Subscribe to our newsletter Product Inspirations Previous Close NEW Tobi-Ishi Outdoor Edward  Barber & Jay Osgerby Tables Close NEW Softcage Mario Bellini Sofas Close NEW Button Tables Outdoor Edward  Barber & Jay Osgerby Small tables Close NEW La Bambola Outdoor Mario Bellini Armchairs Close NEW Tobi-Ishi Outdoor Edward  Barber & Jay Osgerby Tables Close NEW Softcage Mario Bellini Sofas Close NEW Button Tables Outdoor Edward  Barber & Jay Osgerby Small tables Close NEW La Bambola Outdoor Mario Bellini Armchairs Close NEW Tobi-Ishi Outdoor Edward  Barber & Jay Osgerby Tables Next Discover all the products Indoor Discover indoor products Outdoor Discover outdoor products Find a B&B Italia store near you B&B Italia sales network is present in 80 countries with over 800 stores and authorized points of sales Discover Use my current position DESIGN SERVICE Do you need an help? We invite you to connect with our showroom design team. Feel free to schedule an in-store appointment or a convenient video call to further explore the products you are most interested in. Book an appointment A&D AREA Are you an architect or a designer Register to have access to our exclusive contents and tool box for you Register now projects Explore our Contract services Click here Newsletter Subscribe to our newsletter Sign up for email updates on the latest B&B Italia products, news and videos First Name Last Name Sign Up for Our Newsletter: Country * Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua & Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia & Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Caribbean Netherlands Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo - Brazzaville Congo - Kinshasa Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d’Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czechia Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Eswatini Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard & McDonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong SAR China Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao SAR China Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar (Burma) Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands North Korea North Macedonia Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territories Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Islands Poland Portugal Qatar Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Samoa San Marino São Tomé & Príncipe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia & South Sandwich Islands South Korea Spain Sri Lanka St. Barthélemy St. Helena St. Kitts & Nevis St. Lucia St. Martin St. Pierre & Miquelon St. Vincent & Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard & Jan Mayen Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad & Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks & Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay U.S. Outlying Islands U.S. Virgin Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Wallis & Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Company Private A&D Professional I have read and I accept the Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions . I consent to the processing of my personal data for commercial, promotional and advertising communications and activities by B&B Italia S.p.A. and Design Holding S.p.A. as joint controllers. I acknowledge that I may withdraw my consent at any time. Click here to check the Privacy Policy . I consent to the processing of my personal data for commercial, promotional and advertising communications and activities by the companies of the Design Holding Group as joint controllers. I acknowledge that I may withdraw my consent at any time. Click here to check the Privacy Policy . I consent to the processing of my personal data to create customer profiles for direct marketing purposes by B&B Italia S.p.A. and Design Holding S.p.A. as joint controllers. I acknowledge that I may withdraw my consent at any time. Click here to check the Privacy Policy . I consent to the processing of my personal data to create customer profiles for direct marketing purposes by B&B Italia S.p.A. as well as by the other companies of the Design Holding Group as joint controllers. I acknowledge that I may withdraw my consent at any time. Click here to check the Privacy Policy . SUBSCRIBE NOW SUBSCRIBE NOW Toggle Nav About Products Be Inspired Contract Shop Catalogues Library Dealers Area Store Locator Contacts Instagram Pinterest Facebook Youtube Linkedin © 2023 B&B ITALIA SPA Company Data Corporate Social Responsibility Legals Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Accessibility NEW SHOP ICONIC ITEMS WITH FAST DELIVERY. SHOP NOW Close Welcome For the optimum experience please confirm your country/region United States Other Italy Global Germany Austria France Welcome to the A&D Area Our services dedicated to the world of professionals Email Password Log In Forgot your Password? Are you an architect or a designer and you have not signed up yet? Register to have access to our exclusive contents. Register now Forgotten Password? Please enter your email address below to receive a password reset link. Email Reset My Password Go back New Contact? Register now Close Checkout as a new customer Creating an account has many benefits: See order and shipping status Track order history Check out faster Create an Account Checkout using your account Email Address Password Sign In Forgot your Password?

B&B Italia Shop Online Ufficiale | Mobili Moderni e Contemporanei Powered by Cookiebot Consent Details [#IABV2SETTINGS#] About Cookies B&B Italia S.p.A. uses cookies, among which technical/functional, analytical, advertising, profiling cookies (and similar technologies), placed by themselves and third parties, to measure the use of, optimise and further develop our website, as well as for (also personalised) advertising purposes and to monitor and analyse your internet behaviour.       By clicking on “Refuse unnecessary” only technical/functionality cookies will be installed, strictly necessary and functional to allow the use of the Site.    By clicking on “Accept all” you consent to the use of all the cookies.    By clicking on “Change settings” you can accept or refuse cookies on the basis on your preferences and save your choices.    You can modify your options anytime.     The closure of this banner by clicking on the “X” button at the top right will result in the default settings that do not allow the use of cookies or other tracking tools other than technical/functional ones.  To know more refer to our Cookie Policy . Consent Selection Technical Cookies (“Strictly Necessary”) Preferences (“Functional”) Analytical Cookies (“Analytical/Performance and Profiled Analytics”) “Profiling Cookies” (“Personalized Advertising, Ratergeting and Social Networking”) Settings Technical Cookies (“Strictly Necessary”) 58 Cookies strictly necessary and functional to allow the use of the Site. Calendly 1 Learn more about this provider __cfruid This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Cookiebot 8 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent [x7] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP 1.gif Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Criteo 1 Learn more about this provider optout Identifies if the visitor has deselected any cookies, trackers or other audience targeting tools. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Google 5 Learn more about this provider test_cookie Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP 1P_JAR Persistent cookie that save user preferences information when browsing Google services Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP OGPC Persistent cookie that save user preferences information when visiting Google maps web pages Expiry : 2 months Type : HTTP rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML ID5 1 Learn more about this provider gdpr Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Nativo 1 Learn more about this provider opt_out Used to detect if the visitor has accepted the marketing category in the cookie banner. This cookie is necessary for GDPR-compliance of the website. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP New Relic 1 Learn more about this provider JSESSIONID Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Pinterest 1 Learn more about this provider is_eu Determines whether the user is located within the EU and therefore is subject to EU's data privacy regulations. Expiry : Session Type : HTML Salesforce 2 Learn more about this provider CookieConsentPolicy Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP LSKey-c$CookieConsentPolicy Determines whether the user has accepted the cookie consent box. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Showefy 1 Learn more about this provider showefy Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Vimeo 4 Learn more about this provider _cfuvid This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP cf_clearance Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP player Saves the user's preferences when playing embedded videos from Vimeo. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP calendly.com fonts.net vimeo.com 3 __cf_bm [x3] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP content.bebitalia.com www.bebitalia.com 2 PHPSESSID [x2] Preserves user session state across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP shop.bebitalia.com 16 tnsApp This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __cq_dnt This opt-out cookie identifies if the visitor has deselected any cookies, trackers or other audience targeting tools. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP cqcid Registers whether the user is logged in. This allows the website owner to make parts of the website inaccessible, based on the user's log-in status. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP object(#-#-##:#:#.#) Holds the users timezone. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML sid Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP t3D This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML tADe This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML tADu This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML tAE This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML tC This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML tMQ This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML tPL This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML tTDe This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML tTDu This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML tTE This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML tTf This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML www.bebitalia.com 11 form_key Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP mage-cache-sessid This cookie is used in context with load balancing - This optimizes the response rate between the visitor and the site, by distributing the traffic load on multiple network links or servers. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP mage-cache-storage This cookie is used in context with load balancing - This optimizes the response rate between the visitor and the site, by distributing the traffic load on multiple network links or servers. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP mage-cache-storage Used to optimize the loading speed on the website. This is done by pre-loading some procedures in the visitors' browser. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML mage-cache-storage-section-invalidation Used to optimize the loading speed on the website. This is done by pre-loading some procedures in the visitors' browser. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML mage-cache-storage-section-invalidation This cookie is used in context with load balancing - This optimizes the response rate between the visitor and the site, by distributing the traffic load on multiple network links or servers. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP mage-cache-timeout This cookie is necessary for the cache function. A cache is used by the website to optimize the response time between the visitor and the website. The cache is usually stored on the visitor’s browser. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML mage-messages Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP private_content_version This cookie is necessary for the cache function. A cache is used by the website to optimize the response time between the visitor and the website. The cache is usually stored on the visitor’s browser. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP product_data_storage Necessary for the compare-products function on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML recently_compared_product Necessary for the compare-products function on the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Preferences (“Functional”) 7 Cookies recording certain user preferences and optimize Site functionality. Google 1 Learn more about this provider maps/gen_204 Used in context with the website's map integration. The cookie stores user interaction with the map in order to optimize its functionality. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Salesforce 2 Learn more about this provider weird_get_top_level_domain The cookie determines the preferred language and country-setting of the visitor - This allows the website to show content most relevant to that region and language. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP X-Salesforce-CHAT Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider sync_active Contains data on visitor's video-content preferences - This allows the website to remember parameters such as preferred volume or video quality. The service is provided by Vimeo.com. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML bebitalia.com 1 bebitalia-functional Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP shop.bebitalia.com 1 om-country This cookie is used to determine the preferred country setting selected by the visitor. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML www.bebitalia.com 1 section_data_ids Used in context with the shopping cart functionality. Remembers any wish-list products and visitor credentials when checking out. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Analytical Cookies (“Analytical/Performance and Profiled Analytics”) 41 Analytical/Performance: Cookies that collect information about how many users visit the Site and what actions they take while browsing to conduct statistical analysis. Profiled Analytics: Cookies used to collect information about users' activity on a website to analyze their behavior and create analytics/segments of users based on preferences Akamai Technologies 1 Learn more about this provider aka_debug Used by Vimeo to track usage of their embedded video player. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Google 7 Learn more about this provider _ga [x3] Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _ga_# [x3] Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Hotjar 7 Learn more about this provider _hjSession_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _hjSessionUser_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _hjTLDTest Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP _hjCookieTest Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP _hjIncludedInSample Cookies used to determine if the user is included in Hotjar example used for Hetmap, canalization and information saving Expiry : 9999 days Type : HTTP hjActiveViewportIds This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML hjViewportId Saves the user's screen size in order to adjust the size of images on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTML Media.net 2 Learn more about this provider cksync.php This cookie is used to determine if cookie data synchronization is enabled or disabled – cookie data synchronization is used to synchronize and gather visitor data on several domains. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel visitor-id This cookie is used to collect information on the visitor. This information will be stored for internal analytics at the website's operator – Internal analytics is used by websites to optimize their domains. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Microsoft 5 Learn more about this provider _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _clsk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP c.gif Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel _cltk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTML CLID Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP New Relic 1 Learn more about this provider NRBA_SESSION Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Outbrain 1 Learn more about this provider dicbo_id Collects statistics concerning the visitors' use of the website and its general functionality. This is used to optimize and compile reports on the website for comparison through a third party analysis service. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Salesforce 7 Learn more about this provider __cq_uuid Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP BrowserId Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device for return visits. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP BrowserId_sec Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP snapinsPage_# Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML snapinsPageTime_# Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML snapinsPc Determines when the visitor last visited the different subpages on the website, as well as sets a timestamp for when the session started. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML snapinsStart Determines when the visitor last visited the different subpages on the website, as well as sets a timestamp for when the session started. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML bebitalia.com 1 bebitalia-analytics Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP shop.bebitalia.com 2 dwac_# Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP dwanonymous_UID{32} This cookie contains a specific ID on the visitor in order to distinguish visitors. This information allows the website to remember the visitor’s preferences, settings and secures the functionality of the shopping basket. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP www.bebitalia.com 4 product_data_storage Determines which products the user has viewed, allowing the website to promote related products. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP recently_compared_product_previous Necessary for the compare-products function on the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP recently_viewed_product Determines which products the user has viewed, allowing the website to promote related products. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP recently_viewed_product_previous Collects information on which products have been viewed by the visitor - This is used for optimizing the specific visitor's navigation on the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP www.sfylytics.com 3 _pk_id# Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _pk_ref# Used by Piwik Analytics Platform to identify the referring website from which the visitor has come. Expiry : 6 months Type : HTTP _pk_ses# Used by Piwik Analytics Platform to track page requests from the visitor during the session. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP “Profiling Cookies” (“Personalized Advertising, Ratergeting and Social Networking”) 100 Personalized Advertising : Cookies recording user interests based on browsing activity (e.g. pages searched on the Site or products clicked) and display personalized ads based on preferences. Retargeting : Cookies tracking users’ action on a website and then show ads to users on websites they visit later. Social Networking : Cookies sharing content on social networks and track users' browsing across multiple sites. Meta Platforms, Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Adform 2 Learn more about this provider C Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP pixel Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Adobe Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider demconf.jpg Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel demdex Via a unique ID that is used for semantic content analysis, the user's navigation on the website is registered and linked to offline data from surveys and similar registrations to display targeted ads. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP dpm Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP Appnexus 4 Learn more about this provider anj Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP setuid This cookie is set by the audience manager of the website to determine the time and frequencies of visitor data synchronization - cookie data synchronization is used to synchronize and gather visitor data from several websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel uuid2 Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP XANDR_PANID This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP Casale Media 4 Learn more about this provider CMID Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP CMPRO Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP CMPS Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP rum Collects data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Criteo 7 Learn more about this provider cto_bundle [x2] Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 13 months Type : HTTP cto_tld_test [x2] Used to identify the visitor across visits and devices. This allows the website to present the visitor with relevant advertisement - The service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP cto_bundle Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML iex Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel criteo_write_test Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Google 7 Learn more about this provider _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP IDE Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP pagead/landing [x2] Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel ads/ga-audiences Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel pagead/1p-conversion/#/ Pending Expiry : Session Type : Pixel pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel ID5 6 Learn more about this provider callback Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP car Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP cf Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP cip Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP cnac Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP gpp Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Improve Digital 1 Learn more about this provider match Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Ividence 1 Learn more about this provider sync Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Media.net 2 Learn more about this provider data-c Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP data-c-ts Collects data on the user across websites - This data is used to make advertisement more relevant. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP Microsoft 13 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML MR [x2] Pending Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP MUID [x2] Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP SRM_B Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP ANONCHK Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP SM Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Nativo 1 Learn more about this provider suid/1017 Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel OptiMonk 1 Learn more about this provider optiMonkClient Implements pop-up advertisement on the website. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Pinterest 4 Learn more about this provider _pin_unauth [x2] Used by Pinterest to track the usage of services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _pinterest_ct_ua Used by Pinterest to track the usage of services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP v3/ Used by Pinterest to track the usage of services. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Salesforce 4 Learn more about this provider __cq_seg Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP uuid This cookie is used to optimize ad relevance by collecting visitor data from multiple websites – this exchange of visitor data is normally provided by a third-party data-center or ad-exchange. Expiry : 13 months Type : HTTP igodigitalstdomain Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP igodigitaltc2 Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP Teads 5 Learn more about this provider tfpai Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP tfpsi Registers user behaviour and navigation on the website, and any interaction with active campaigns. This is used for optimizing advertisement and for efficient retargeting. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP tfpvi Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP track Pending Expiry : Session Type : Pixel um Used to identify the visitor across visits and devices. This allows the website to present the visitor with relevant advertisement - The service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Telaria 2 Learn more about this provider tv_UICR Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP tvid Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Triplelift 3 Learn more about this provider tluid This cookie is used to identify the visitor and optimize ad-relevance by collecting visitor data from multiple websites – this exchange of visitor data is normally provided by a third-party data-center or ad-exchange. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP tluidp Pending Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP xuid Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel adform.net criteo.com 2 uid [x2] Registers a unique user ID that recognises the user's browser when visiting websites that use the same ad network. The purpose is to optimise display of ads based on the user's movements and various ad providers' bids for displaying user ads. Expiry : 2 months Type : HTTP adnxs.com criteo.com 2 receive-cookie-deprecation [x2] Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP bebitalia.com 2 bebitalia-advertising Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP bebitalia-social Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP exchange.mediavine.com 5 am_tokens Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 14 days Type : HTTP am_tokens_eu-v1 Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 14 days Type : HTTP criteo Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 14 days Type : HTTP mv_tokens Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 14 days Type : HTTP mv_tokens_eu-v1 Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 14 days Type : HTTP omnitagjs.com 2 ayl_visitor This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP visitor/sync This cookie is used to assign specific visitors into segments, this segmentation is based on visitor behavior on the website - the segmentation can be used to target larger groups. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel pinterest.com teads.tv 2 ar_debug [x2] Checks whether a technical debugger-cookie is present. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP shop.bebitalia.com 8 OptiMonkShopAttributes Implements pop-up advertisement on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML OptiMonkVisitorAttributes Implements pop-up advertisement on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __anact Tracks the user’s interaction with the website’s search-bar-function. This data can be used to present the user with relevant products or services. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP cquid Determines which products the user has viewed, allowing the website to promote related products. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP dw_dnt Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP dwsid This cookie is set to count the number of times a specific visitor is shown a specific ad – the cookie enables the advertisers to differentiate the specific ads shown and thereby making the advertising more efficient. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP optiMonkClientId Collects information on what products the visitor has viewed and the content of the shopping-cart. This is used to increase the website's conversion rate through targeted advertisement and product promotions through emails. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP optiMonkSession Implements pop-up advertisement on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP www.bebitalia.com 4 recently_compared_product This cookie is used to determine which products the visitor has viewed. This information is used to promote related products and optimize ad-efficiency. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML recently_compared_product_previous Collects information on which products have been viewed by the visitor - This is used for optimizing the specific visitor's navigation on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML recently_viewed_product Collects information on which products have been viewed by the visitor - This is used for optimizing the specific visitor's navigation on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML recently_viewed_product_previous Collects information on which products have been viewed by the visitor - This is used for optimizing the specific visitor's navigation on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Unclassified 12 Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Salesforce 2 Learn more about this provider igodigitalst_510005954 Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP shop.bebitalia.comLA_VISITOR_INFO Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTML bebitalia.com 3 bebitalia-accepted Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP bebitalia-other Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP bebitalia-version Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP product-identity.bebitalia.com virtual-showroom.bebitalia.com 2 bebvs-lang [x2] Pending Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP shop.bebitalia.com 2 last-product-pid Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTML optiMonkEmbedded190878 Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP www.bebitalia.com 2 _storageSupported Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML modal-start-time Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML www.sfylytics.com 1 _pk_testcookie Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Cross-domain consent 7 Your consent applies to the following domains: List of domains your consent applies to: product-identity.bebitalia.com content.bebitalia.com collection-experience.bebitalia.com design-service.bebitalia.com virtual-showroom.bebitalia.com shop.bebitalia.com bebitalia.com Cookie declaration last updated on 5/8/24 by Cookiebot [#IABV2_TITLE#] [#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] COOKIE POLICY This information is related to the websites www.bebitalia.com | www.maxalto.com (the “ Site ”) and is provided by the following company acting as autonomous controller pursuant to Article 4(7) Regulation EU 2016/679 (“ GDPR ”) B&B Italia S.p.A. with registered      office at Via Manzoni 38, 20121  Milan (“ B&B ”) (hereinafter referred to as “ Controller ”). WHAT COOKIES ARE AND HOW WE USE THEM? A cookie is a small text file that a Site, when you visit it, sends to your device (computer, mobile device such as smartphone or tablet), where it is stored before being sent back to that site during the subsequent visit. Thanks to the use of cookies, the Site is able to identify users accessing the Site in order to improve the browsing experience of the identified user. In order to prevent cookies from being stored on his terminal and browser, a user must disable them. TYPES OF COOKIES. There are different types of cookies based, first of all, on to who installs them on the user's terminal. Cookies can, in fact, be installed by the same publisher of the Site that the user is visiting (so-called " first-party cookies ") or by a third party, which installs cookies through the first Site (so-called " third-party cookies "). You can always obtain all the detailed information about the cookies used, monitor the cookies in use, check for which categories of cookies you have provided consent, and if necessary, revoke or modify your consent through the Cookie information banner, that is presented to you when you access the Site for the first time, and which you can access  whenever you wish by clicking on the paperclip icon accessible form each page of the Site (bottom left).   Cookies are also distinguished according to their purpose. In particular:  - Technical/functionality cookies . They can be either session cookies (e.g. cookies that are      automatically deleted when a user closes the browser) or persistent      cookies that are used to remember information used between two separate      logins. These cookies are used solely to allow the user to navigate or to      provide a service requested by the user. They remember the information      that the user provides while browsing the pages of the Site. They include,      for example, cookies that allow a user to make a purchase, that allow      authentication to restricted areas or that store the language and      nationality selected by the user when visiting the Site. Analytical/performance/statistical cookies. They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and      to see how they move around our Site while using it. This helps us to      improve the operation of our Site, for example, by ensuring that users      easily find what they are looking for. Profiling and marketing cookies. They can be either from us or third parties and are used to      analyse the interests and browsing habits of individual users, in order to      customize their browsing and deliver, for example, targeted contents,      including advertisings. Only profiling cookies and analytical cookies of third parties require the user's prior consent to their use. The Site uses first-party technical cookies, for which no user's consent is required, as well as third-party analytical and profiling cookies that, instead, require consent to their use. METHODS TO GIVE CONSENT TO PROFILING AND ANALYTICAL COOKIES 3.1 During the first visit to the Site you can accept all or part of the cookies from the cookie banner of the Site. 3.2 During subsequent visits to the Site (provided that you have previously expressed your preference for the use of cookies, as indicated in point 3.1), you can modify your selections and remove cookies previously installed by clicking on the paperclip icon accessible form each page of the Site (bottom left). 3.3 In any case, through the browser settings. The procedure to follow to configure these settings is as follows: INTERNET EXPLORER . Edit Cookie settings Click on the "Tools" icon, "Internet Options", then the "Privacy" tab. You can adjust the cookie acceptance policy by bringing up or down the relative slider or click on the button "Sites" and in the window that appears to allow or block the acceptance of cookies by site. Click "OK" to apply the changes Cookie Cancellation Select "Tools", "Internet Options", then "Delete" from the "Browsing chronology" frame. You will find a series of items including Cookie. Verify that the checkmark is activated in correspondence to its name and press "Delete". https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/delete-and-manage-cookies-168dab11-0753-043d-7c16-ede5947fc64d GOOGLE CHROME . Edit Cookie settings Type chrome: // settings / in the address bar then select "Show advanced settings" at the bottom of the page and then click on "Content settings" in the "Privacy" section and then on "Allow data saving locally" (recommended) ", then "Finish". Cookie Cancellation Access the options via the menu icon, then select the "Privacy" section. In the history entry choose: "use custom settings" then click on "Show cookies". The Cookie window will be displayed: In the "Search" field, enter the name of the site whose cookies you want to remove. A list will appear showing the cookies related to the search performed. In the list, select the cookies to remove and click on the "Remove Selected" button. To delete all cookies stored on your computer you can use the "Remove all cookies" button. We advise you to always check the updated guide by clicking here: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en-uk MOZILLA FIREFOX . Edit Cookie settings Access the options via the menu icon, then select the "Privacy" section. In the chronology choose: "use custom settings" then adjust the management of cookies through the options made available by the program. Click "OK" to apply the changes. Cookie cancellation Access the options via the menu icon, then select the "Privacy" section. In the chronology choose: "use custom settings" then click on "Show cookies". The Cookie window will be displayed: In the "Search" field, enter the name of the site whose cookies you want to remove. A list will appear showing the cookies related to the search performed. In the list, select the cookies to remove and click on the "Remove Selected" button. To delete all cookies stored on your computer you can use the "Remove all cookies" button. We advise you to always check the updated guide by clicking here: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/how-clear-firefox-cache SAFARI. Edit Cookie settings Click on "Preferences" from the "Tools" menu then select the "Privacy" section. Choose the cookie management policy by picking an option from those proposed by the program and then close the options window with the closing icon at the top right. Cookie Cancellation Click on "Preferences" from the "Tools" menu then select the "Privacy" section. Click on "Remove all Site data" and then confirm your choice. Choose the cookie management policy by choosing an option from those proposed by the program and then close the options window with the closing icon at the top right. However, we advise you to always check the updated guide by clicking on https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/manage-cookies-sfri11471/mac In case of devices such as smartphones, tablets, etc., we ask you to verify that each browser on each device is regulated to express your preferences regarding cookies. For behavioral advertising cookies you can also set your preferences through the Site www.youronlinechoices.com (the system operates with reference to member companies that use cookies for behavioral advertising). COOKIES INSTALLED THROUGH THE SITE. B&B ITALIA S.p.A. use functional, analytical, profiling and marketing cookies (and similar technologies), placed by themselves and third parties, in order to measure the use of, optimise and further develop our website, as well as for (personalised) advertising purposes and to monitor and analyse your internet behaviour.   By clicking on “Refuse unnecessary” only technical/functionality cookies will be installed, strictly necessary and functional to allow the use of the Site.  By clicking on “Accept all” you consent to the use of all the cookies.  By clicking on “Change settings” you can accept or refuse cookies on the basis on your preferences and save your choices. You can modify your options anytime. To know more refer to our Cookie Policy . What is a cookie and what is it used for? Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make the user experience more efficient. Cookies allow us to store small amounts of information on your computer about your visits to our Site.   Why do we use cookies?   We use cookies to personalise contents and ads, to provide social media functionalities and to analyze our traffic.  We also share information about the way you use our site with our web analytics, advertising and social media partners, who may associate it with other information that you have provided to them or that they have collected from your use of their services. You accept our cookies if you continue to use our website.   How do we use cookies?   We may store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the functionality of this website. For all other cookies we need your consent.   What kind of cookies do we use?   This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies, displayed on our pages, are set by third party services. You can change the cookie settings in your browser at any time to allow you to use all functions without restriction when browsing our website. We invite you to consult our Privacy Policy on the website, providing all the information about who we are, how we process Personal Data and how you can contact us. Your consent applies to the following domains: …………. Your current state: ……… Your consent ID: …………. Consent date: …………. Change your consent. Cookie declaration last updated on ………:  by Cookiebot: RIGHTS OF THE DATA SUBJECTS Undercertain conditions, the GDPR provides the data subjects with the following rights with regard to their personal data: access, rectification, erasure,restriction, objection, withdrawal of consent, data portability. Forfurther information on the mentioned rights and about how to exercise themplease consult the Privacy Notice on our  Site at this link www.bebitalia.com | www.maxalto.com 6.EXERCISE OF RIGHTS Toprotect their rights and personal data, data subjects may, at any time, decideto lodge a complaint before the competent supervisory authority or to takelegal action before the competent national courts. Withoutprejudice to the foregoing, we always invite data subjects to contact us viathe contact channels provided at paragraph 7 below for any query related topersonal data. 7. FURTHER INFORMATION TheControllers, with reference to cookies installed directly from the Site,specify the following: data are collected only for the purposes and for     the duration indicated in the tables above and are processed using     computer methods; use of technical cookies does not require the     prior consent of the user as these are cookies necessary to allow     navigation within the Site and the proper functioning of the Site itself.     In case of removal of technical cookies through browser settings, navigation     within the Site may not be, in whole or in part, possible; data collected from the first party cookies may     be communicated to persons acting on behalf of the Controllers as     processors or as persons authorized to the processing, for purposes     related to those described previous. The Controller commit to provide support to the user who contact them forinformation about their rights regarding to cookies, included the deletion offrom their browsers. The Controllers can be reached through the following contacts: B&B Italia S.p.A. E-mail: privacy@bebitalia.com Do not sell or share my personal information Refuse unnecessary Allow selection Change settings Accept all Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics Go to the main content Go to the main menu Go to the search bar Go to the footer B&B Italia Shop Ufficiale Servizio di consegna e montaggio in 10-15 giorni Richiedi la box tessuti Sei un Architetto o un Interior Designer? Iscriviti al trade program di B&B Italia Arredi di design innovativi, iconici e senza tempo Visita B&B Italia Corporate Acquista prodotti Acquista prodotti Divani Poltrone Sedie Tavoli Tavolini Outdoor Novità Acquista per ambiente Acquista per ambiente Soggiorno Sala da pranzo Esterno Be Inspired Be Inspired Influencer Ispirazione Novità Designer about Servizi Servizi Campioni Tessuto Trade Application Design Service Menu Acquista prodotti Acquista per ambiente Be Inspired Designer about Servizi Visita B&B Italia Corporate Account Acquista prodotti Divani Poltrone Sedie Tavoli Tavolini Outdoor Novità Acquista per ambiente Soggiorno Sala da pranzo Esterno Be Inspired Influencer Ispirazione Novità Servizi Campioni Tessuto Trade Application Design Service Cerca Submit search keywords Cancella Chiudi Search suggestions Vai a "Il mio account" 0 0 items in your cart LA NUOVA COLLEZIONE OUTDOOR Bambola Outdoor Acquista ora B&B Online shop - Selezione acquistabile Scopri la collezione Outdoor 1 - 3 of 5 slide 1 to 3 of 5 Collezione Softcage Scopri di più Collezione La Bambola Scopri di più Collezione Mirto Scopri di più Collezione Ribes Scopri di più Collezione Hybrid Scopri di più Related products Poltrona - Riga Verde Mario Bellini € 4.652,00 € 4.652,00 Related products Poltrona Bianca Mario Bellini € 5.391,00 € 5.391,00 Related products Poltrona - Riga Blu Mario Bellini € 4.652,00 € 4.652,00 Scopri la nuova collezione 2024 Outdoor NON SAI DA DOVE INIZIARE? Campioni Tessuto Poter toccare con mano e confrontare i tessuti è un passaggio fondamentale per definire l'abbinamento perfetto per il proprio spazio e gusto. Ordina fino a 3 campioni gratuiti all'interno della nostra selezione di colori e trame pagando solo le spese di spedizione. Ordina ora Prodotti in pronta consegna La selezione che meglio si adatta al tuo spazio, consegna e montaggio entro 3 settimane Related products Poltrona - Bouclé ocra Mario Bellini € 4.581,00 € 4.581,00 Related products Divano angolare - Ciniglia verde oliva Mario Bellini € 15.274,00 € 15.274,00 Related products Tavolino Ø 42 cm - Metallo verniciato bianco gesso Patricia Urquiola € 622,00 € 622,00 Vedi tutti Ambienti d'ispirazione Lasciati ispirare dalla selezione di prodotti disponibili online Related products Divano lineare - Ciniglia bianco avorio Mario Bellini € 13.021,00 € 13.021,00 Related products Divano tre posti - Bouclè bianco Mario Bellini € 10.158,00 € 10.158,00 Related products Divano angolare - Ciniglia verde oliva Mario Bellini € 15.274,00 € 15.274,00 LA SELEZIONE ONLINE Acquista per categoria 1 - 4 of 6 slide 1 to 4 of 6 Divani Acquista le icone Poltrone Acquista le icone Sedie Acquista le icone Tavoli Acquista le icone Tavolini Acquista le icone Outdoor Acquista le icone Acquista per ambiente Trasforma il tuo spazio con stile 1 - 3 of 3 slide 1 to 3 of 3 Soggiorno Sala da pranzo Esterno DESIGN SERVICE Regala nuova vita al tuo spazio Connettiti con i nostri showroom per una visita in-store o attraverso una video call e scopri i prodotti insieme ad uno dei nostri esperti Prenota un appuntamento SFOGLIA IL NOSTRO CATALOGO COMPLETO PER TIPO DI PRODOTTO O DESIGNER Non trovi quello che stai cercando? Esplora Iscriviti alla Newsletter Iscriviti per rimanere aggiornato sulle novità di prodotto B&B Italia, le notizie e i video ISCRIVITI Nome * Cognome * Email * Società * Sono un consumatore Sono un professionista Settore del design architettonico Acconsento al trattamento dei miei dati personali per finalità di marketing da parte di Flos S.p.A. e Design Holding S.p.A. che agiscono come contitolari del trattamento. Sono consapevole che posso revocare il mio consenso in qualsiasi momento. Per maggiori informazioni consulta la nostra Informativa Privacy . * Acconsento al trattamento dei miei dati personali per finalità di marketing da parte delle società del Gruppo Design Holding, che agiscono tutte come contitolari del trattamento. Sono consapevole che posso revocare il mio consenso in qualsiasi momento. Per maggiori informazioni consulta la nostra Informativa Privacy . Acconsento al trattamento dei miei dati personali per creare profili cliente a fini di marketing diretto da parte di Flos S.p.A. e Design Holding S.p.A. che agiscono come contitolari del trattamento. Sono consapevole che posso revocare il mio consenso in qualsiasi momento. Per maggiori informazioni consulta la nostra Informativa Privacy . Acconsento al trattamento dei miei dati personali per creare profili cliente a fini di marketing diretto da parte delle società del Gruppo Design Holding, che agiscono tutte come contitolari del trattamento. Sono consapevole che posso revocare il mio consenso in qualsiasi momento. Per maggiori informazioni consulta la nostra Informativa Privacy . ISCRIVITI Contatti Contatti Contatti Contatti Scrivici Domande Frequenti Servizi Servizi Servizi Servizi Spedizione Resi Pagamento Garanzia Prenota un appuntamento Programma A&D Campioni tessuto Cataloghi Trova Negozio Documenti Legali Documenti Legali Documenti Legali Documenti Legali Sito Corporate Politica relativa ai cookie Termini e condizioni Privacy Termini di utilizzo del sito Responsabilità Sociale Instagram Pinterest Facebook Linkedin Youtube Italy Italian English Italian © 2024 B&B italia spa Select your country * Italy Seleziona il tuo paese Austria France Germany Italy United States Seleziona il tuo paese Austria France Germany Italy United States Select your country * Italian Seleziona la lingua Italian English Seleziona la lingua Italian English Go At this time, the B&B Italia online store is only available in the countries listed in the dropdown above. Do you live in another country? Please visit our global website. Visit bebitalia.com Cookies B&B Italia S.p.A. utilizza cookie funzionali, analitici, di profilazione e di marketing (e tecnologie simili), collocati da essa stessa e da terze parti, per misurare l'utilizzo, ottimizzare e sviluppare ulteriormente il proprio sito web, nonché per scopi pubblicitari (personalizzati) e per monitorare e analizzare il comportamento dell'utente su Internet. Facendo clic su "Rifiuta non necessari" verranno installati solo cookie tecnici/funzionali.
Facendo clic su "Accetta tutti" si acconsente all'utilizzo di tutti i cookie.
Facendo clic su "Modifica impostazioni" è possibile accettare o rifiutare i cookie in base alle proprie preferenze e salvare le proprie scelte.
È possibile modificare le opzioni in qualsiasi momento. Per ulteriori informazioni, consultare la nostra Informativa sui Cookie Modifica impostazioni Rifiuta tutti Accetta tutti

B&B Italia - Wikipedia [ nascondi ] Libera la cultura. Dona il tuo 5×1000 a Wikimedia Italia . Scrivi 94039910156. B&B Italia Da Wikipedia, l'enciclopedia libera. Vai alla navigazione Vai alla ricerca B&B Italia Stato Italia Forma societaria Società per azioni Fondazione 1966 Fondata da Piero Ambrogio Busnelli Sede principale Novedrate Gruppo Design Holding Persone chiave Gilberto Negrini CEO e amministratore delegato Settore Arredamento Fatturato 201,4 milioni di euro [1] (2019) Dipendenti 643 (2020) Note Premio Compasso d'oro nel 1979 Premio Compasso d'oro nel 1984 Premio Compasso d'oro nel 1987 Premio Compasso d'oro nel 1989 Sito web www.bebitalia.com Modifica dati su Wikidata · Manuale B&B Italia S.p.A. è un' azienda italiana fondata nel 1966 a Novedrate produttrice di mobili, arredi e altri oggetti per la casa . [2] La Mama (1969) Indice 1 Storia 1.1 Gli inizi come C&B 1.2 B&B Italia - dagli anni settanta al 2000 1.3 Anni 2000 e 2010 1.4 Nasce Design Holding 2 Dati economici 3 Premi e riconoscimenti 4 Progettisti e designer 5 Note 6 Bibliografia 7 Altri progetti 8 Collegamenti esterni Storia [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] Gli inizi come C&B [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] L'azienda è fondata nel 1966 dal già noto Cesare Cassina, della famiglia proprietaria dell' omonima azienda , e dal più giovane Piero Ambrogio Busnelli [2] come C&B (Cassina & Busnelli) [3] con l'idea di fare ricorso alle tecnologie più innovative per ottenere una produzione più ampia [4] in un periodo in cui la produzione di mobili è ancora legata all'abilità artigianale. Negli anni sessanta , tramite la tecnologia dello stampaggio ad iniezione scoperta a Londra da Busnelli, [2] vengono prodotti vari elementi d'arredo come Up senza telaio (design Gaetano Pesce), Coronado (design Afra e Tobia Scarpa) con due sole viti da assemblare, Lombrico (design Marco Zanuso) e Amanta (Mario Bellini). Nel 1966 l'azienda sviluppa in collaborazione con un rappresentante della Bayer [2] la tecnologia del poliuretano a freddo schiumato in stampi e l'applica alla produzione di arredi imbottiti. Coronado di Afra e Tobia Scarpa è il primo imbottito che utilizza questa tecnologia. Nel 1969 realizza Serie Up con il designer Gaetano Pesce, la prima collezione di sedute poltrona confezionata “sottovuoto” in grado di ottenere, nella sua massima contrazione, fino al 90% in meno della cubatura. B&B Italia - dagli anni settanta al 2000 [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] Del 1972 è il lancio del prodotto Le Bambole , con il design di Mario Bellini e premiato col Compasso d'oro lo stesso anno, con una campagna pubblicitaria di Oliviero Toscani che ha come protagonista la musa di Andy Warhol , Donna Jordan, in jeans, gambe col tacco in aria e a seno nudo. [2] [3] Busnelli commissiona a un giovane Renzo Piano , allora ventitreenne associato a Richard Rogers , il progetto della sede centrale B&B Italia a Novedrate. L'edificio, ultimato nel 1973, è costituito da una unità sospesa all'interno di una struttura in tubolari di acciaio e vetro che anticipa l'architettura del famoso Centre Pompidou di Parigi , disegnato successivamente dagli stessi architetti. [2] [5] Nel 1973 Busnelli rileva le quote di Cassina [2] e modifica il nome dell'azienda in B&B Italia (dove il primo B, diceva quasi per scherzo, indicava le banche che gli avevano dato aiuto nell'iniziativa). [2] Nel 1974 viene progettato l'armadio Sisamo , il primo armadio con un sistema brevettato di apertura ad ante complanari che nel 1984 vince il premio Compasso d'oro vinto nuovamente nel 1987 per il sistema di sedute Sity progettate da Antonio Citterio e, l'anno successivo, viene assegnato all'azienda “ per il costante lavoro di integrazione svolto al fine di coniugare i valori della ricerca tecnico scientifica con quelli necessari alla funzionalità ed espressività dei prodotti ”. In quel periodo si affianca a Piero ("Pierino") Busnelli il primo dei figli, Giorgio (poco più che ventenne), in seguito entreranno in azienda anche Giancarlo nel 1976 e Emanuele nel 1991. [2] Proprio nel 1991, quando la società stipula una joint venture con la Costa Crociere per l'arredo delle navi (della cosa vuole occuparsi direttamente Pierino Busnelli che scomparirà a 88 anni nel gennaio 2014), [5] Giorgio assumerà la guida dell'azienda avviandone la fase d'internazionalizzazione. [2] Anni 2000 e 2010 [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] Nel 2003 il 51,4% di B&B Italia (che ha come advisor JP Morgan ) è ceduto al fondo Opera, una start up nel settore. [6] Mentre i fratelli Busnelli si focalizzazno sul centro ricerche, la gestione dell'azienda va a un nuovo team di manager con risultati che Giorgio Busnelli definirà poi "discutibili": [6] in otto anni cambiano tre direttori e diciotto dirigenti mentre sono continue le richieste di riduzione dei costi. Così nel 2011 (in azienda è già entrata la terza generazione con Massimiliano, figlio di Giorgio) [2] i Busnelli si ricomprano per una sessantina di milioni quanto hanno venduto e ritornano ad avere il controllo della società. Negli anni 2011-2012 nasce Husk , la famiglia di sedute progettata da Patricia Urquiola e Tobi-Hishi, design Barber & Osgerby, dopo che in precedenza sono nate Bend-Sofa sempre di Urquiola e la libreria ShelfX di Naoto Fukasawa [2] . Nel marzo 2012 l'azienda acquisisce il 25% di Moooi, società olandese di design fondata da Marcel Wanders e Casper Vissers e specializzata in complementi d'arredo e illuminazione. [7] Dopo aver rifiutato offerte di due multinazionali (il gruppo Knoll, quotato a Wall Street , e Haworth, proprietario di Poltrona Frau , Cassina e Cappellini), [8] nel giugno 2015 i Busnelli cedono l'80% del capitale di B&B Italia al fondo di private equity Investindustrial di Andrea Bonomi. [9] La gestione dell'azienda resta comunque nelle mani di Giorgio Busnelli, socio di minoranza con il fratello Emanuele. [9] Nel settembre 2016 B&B Italia entra nel segmento delle cucine di alta gamma rilevando il 70% di Arcilinea, azienda vicentina della famiglia Fortuna che rimane come socia di minoranza con Silvio Fortuna alla presidenza. [1] Nasce Design Holding [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] Dall'ingresso di The Carlyle Group nel piano di design di Investindustrial, nasce nel settembre 2018 Design Holding con l'obiettivo di creare il polo italiano dell'interior design di alta gamma per poi diventarlo a livello internazionale. Fanno parte della nuova società, guidata da Gabriele Del Torchio, i marchi già controllati da Investindustrial: Flos , B&B Italia e la danese Louis Poulsen . [10] Dati economici [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] Il gruppo B&B Italia detiene i marchi B&B Italia, Maxalto, Azucena ed Arclinea e ha raggiunto 201,4 milioni di ricavi nel 2019  con l'export che incide per oltre l'80%. Le vendite in 80 paesi attraverso una rete di 10 flagship stores, 70 negozi monomarca e 1000 rivenditori. [1] Premi e riconoscimenti [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] 1979 - Le Bambole di Mario Bellini - Compasso d'oro 1984 - Sisamo di Studio Kairos - Compasso d'oro 1987 - Sity di Antonio Citterio - Compasso d'oro 1989 - B&B Italia - Compasso d'oro all'azienda per “ il costante lavoro di integrazione svolto al fine di coniugare i valori della ricerca tecnico scientifica con quelli necessari alla funzionalità ed espressiva dei prodotti ”. Gennaio 2012 - Husk, Doyl, Beverly - IMM Cologne interior innovation award – winner Gennaio 2012: Husk – IMM Cologne interior innovation award - Best of best 2012 Aprile 2012: Husk-Outdoor – Elle Decoration design awards – Winner of outdoor category Novembre 2012: Michel – Interior Design Award [U.S.A] – Best of year awards Gennaio 2013: Tobi-Ishi – 2013 Wallpaper* Design Awards - “Best Dining Table” nella categoria “Best domestic Design”. Progettisti e designer [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] Antonio Citterio Patricia Urquiola Naoto Fukasawa Gaetano Pesce Paolo Piva Jeffrey Bernett Studio Kairos Zaha Hadid Edward Barber e Jay Osgerby Afra e Tobia Scarpa Mario Bellini Gabriele e Oscar Buratti Atelier OÏ C. Gerhards e A. Glücker Chris Howker David Chipperfield Jakob Wagner Jean-Marie Massaud Marcel Wanders Monica Armani Nicole Aebischer Roberto Barbieri Naoto Fukasawa Uwe Fischer Note [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] ^ Salta a: a b c Shopping made in Italy: a B&B Italia il 70% di Arcilinea , su milanofinanza.it , 16 giugno 2020. URL consultato il 21 gennaio 2021 . ^ Salta a: a b c d e f g h i j k l Un visionario ha cambiato l'anima dell'arredamento , su corriere.it , 2 settembre 2016. URL consultato il 15 aprile 2018 . ^ Salta a: a b Design, la lezione di Busnelli , su repubblica.it , 10 marzo 2014. URL consultato il 14 aprile 2018 . ^ Cesare Cassina , su treccani.it . URL consultato il 14 aprile 2018 . ^ Salta a: a b Scompare a 88 anni il pioniere del made in Italy Busnelli , su lastampa.it , 28 gennaio 2014. URL consultato il 15 aprile 2018 . ^ Salta a: a b Busnelli: "B&B-Opera, errore di JP Morgan" , su repubblica.it , 10 luglio 2017. URL consultato il 14 aprile 2018 . ^ ( EN ) Moooi founders reaffirm their strong belief in the company ( PDF ), su moooi.com , marzo 2012. URL consultato il 9 aprile 2019 (archiviato dall' url originale il 4 marzo 2016) . ^ Busnelli vende a Bonomi per restare e guidare i piani di sviluppo di B&B , su repubblica.it , 22 giugno 2015. URL consultato il 14 aprile 2018 . ^ Salta a: a b Investindustrial compra i divani B&B. Bonomi lancia la holding del lusso , su corriere.it , 16 giugno 2015. URL consultato il 14 aprile 2018 . ^ Da Investindustrial e Carlyle nasce il polo italiano del design , su ilsole24ore.com , 12 settembre 2018. URL consultato il 24 maggio 2019 . Bibliografia [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] Mario Mastropietro, Rolando Gorla (a cura di) Un'Industria per il Design , Edizioni Lybra Immagine, Milano 1999 Charlotte Fiell, Peter Fiell (a cura di), Designing the 21st century , Colonia, Taschen, 2010 Alba Cappellieri, Antonio Citterio (a cura di), Architettura e design , Skira, 2007 Alberto Bassi, Antonio Citterio (a cura di), Industrial Design , Electa Architecture, 2005 Giuliana Gramigna, Federica Monetti (a cura di), Le Fabbriche del Design , Umberto Allemandi & C., Torino Nicolò Biddau (a cura di), Industria (seconda edizione) , Photo Publisher, 2012 Nicolò Biddau (a cura di), Lombardia Industria , SAN Editrice, 2004 Altagamma. Italian Contemporary Excellence , Rizzoli, 2012 Altri progetti [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] Altri progetti Wikimedia Commons Wikimedia Commons contiene immagini o altri file su B&B Italia Collegamenti esterni [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] Sito ufficiale , su bebitalia.com . Controllo di autorità VIAF ( EN ) 129198035 · LCCN ( EN ) n2002015582 · J9U ( EN , HE ) 987007438843905171 · WorldCat Identities ( EN ) lccn-n2002015582 Portale Aziende Portale Design Estratto da " https://it.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=B%26B_Italia&oldid=138585197 " Categorie : Aziende fondate nel 1966 B&B Italia Aziende premiate con il Compasso d'oro Categorie nascoste: P112 assente su Wikidata P159 letta da Wikidata P749 assente su Wikidata P856 letta da Wikidata Voci con codice VIAF Voci con codice LCCN Voci con codice J9U Voci con codice WorldCat Identities Voci non biografiche con codici di controllo di autorità Menu di navigazione Strumenti personali Accesso non effettuato discussioni contributi registrati entra Namespace Voce Discussione italiano Visite Leggi Modifica Modifica wikitesto Cronologia Altro Ricerca Navigazione Pagina principale Ultime modifiche Una voce a caso Nelle vicinanze Vetrina Aiuto Sportello informazioni Comunità Portale Comunità Bar Il Wikipediano Fai una donazione Contatti Strumenti Puntano qui Modifiche correlate Carica su Commons Pagine speciali Link permanente Informazioni pagina Cita questa voce Ottieni URL breve Scarica codice QR Elemento Wikidata Stampa/esporta Crea un libro Scarica come PDF Versione stampabile In altri progetti Wikimedia Commons In altre lingue Deutsch English فارسی Modifica collegamenti Questa pagina è stata modificata per l'ultima volta il 30 mar 2024 alle 21:44. Il testo è disponibile secondo la licenza Creative Commons Attribuzione-Condividi allo stesso modo ; possono applicarsi condizioni ulteriori. Vedi le condizioni d'uso per i dettagli. Informativa sulla privacy Informazioni su Wikipedia Avvertenze Codice di condotta Sviluppatori Statistiche Dichiarazione sui cookie Versione mobile

