Birel ART | Racing Kart Birel ART World Mission and Values Our Story Key People Factory Iconics Models Racing Our DNA Our Drivers Racing with US News Factory Official Product Birel ART Racing Kart Birel ART Rental Kart Kubica Racing Kart CL Charles Leclerc Kart Sportswear Media Advertising Download Chassis Bodywork Braking System Technical Documentation Technical Data Sheet Brochure Partners Sponsor Technical Partners Contact FIND DEALERS E-COMMERCE it FIND DEALERS SEARCH EN it E-COMMERCE All Road Management Birel ART Rental Kart CL Charles Leclerc Kart EasyKart Kubica Racing Kart All Road Management Birel ART Rental Kart CL Charles Leclerc Kart EasyKart Kubica Racing Kart All Road Management Birel ART Rental Kart CL Charles Leclerc Kart EasyKart Kubica Racing Kart LAST NEWS Podium for Morgatto in the European Championship at Val d'Argenton Following on from his 5th place in the Champions of the Future Euro Series, Matheus Morgatto put in an exceptional perfo... 29/04/2024 Official Read More Champions of the Future: Morgatto 5th in OK Final at Val d'Argenton Matheus Morgatto continued his fine form by taking his Birel ART chassis in the colours of the CL Racing Team to 5th pla... 16/04/2024 Official Read More Happy Easter to all of you! 29/03/2024 Factory Read More MISSION AND VALUES Birel ART: the history of kart! MISSION × We build karts, because motorsport is our passion! Karting is the origin of Racing and our go-karts, distinguished by Italian excellence famous all over the world, gives the opportunity to all fans of this world to become real drivers or have fun trying the thrill of adrenaline on the track. VALUES × Tradition and Innovation We represent a company where tradition and innovation come together every day to feed the legend of the Birel ART brand. Our plus is the ability to combine the development of advanced technological solutions with the craftsmanship and experience that distinguishes us. Passion and Excellence The passion for motorsport is the sap that drives us to set ambitious goals to satisfy our customers. We are always in step with the times, curious and open to new things to grow our skills and offer excellence. Individual and team Our company is a big family with a strong sense of belonging, human resources are very important for us and ours is a team where competence and passion always go hand in hand. Emotion Birel ART - for more than 60 years we have continued the passion for a sport that has formed and continues to train all the F1 drivers. With heart, pride and enthusiasm we keep alive the passion for the racing world and allow all those who love the thrill of driving to be able to do it in great safety and at high technical levels and performances. Being part of Birel ART means being part of a large team present all over the world. OUR HISTORY 2010-2020 2010-2020 From the union of Birel and ART Grand Prix, Birel ART is born, a new adventure aimed at becoming one of the main protagonists of the international Karting scene. Birel ART launches two new brands in collaboration with two great F1 drivers: Ricciardo Kart in collaboration with Daniel Ricciardo ( www.ricciardokart.com ) and Charles Leclerc Kart ( www.clkarting.com ) in collaboration with Charles Leclerc. In 2019 Marijn Kremers wins the world title in the KZ premier class. In 2020, despite the global COVID-19 pandemic, for Birel ART it was a year of incredible sporting and commercial successes that continue into 2021. ‹ › 1/6 fullscreen 2000-2010 ‹ › 1/5 fullscreen 2000-2010 Robert Kubica’s star shined brightly for Birel in 2000 when he won 4th place in the World Championship, the last one awarded in a single trial. In 2009 through the partnership between Birel and Formula 1 driver Robert Kubica, the new RK Robert Kubica Kart brand, ( www.kubicaracingkart.com ). 90s/2000 90s/2000 Birel won six Formula C World Championship titles in the years from 1990 to 2000 and led the classification of the most winning teams in the 125 ever. At the end of the nineties, Birel became involved in amateur karting, “invented” endurance races, a new perspective in kart racing, and created a new chassis, the N035, specifically designed for these competitions. Easykart is also born, a project conceived with the aim of supporting and promoting basic karting and in particular the youth sector. ‹ › 1/6 fullscreen 70s/80s ‹ › 1/6 fullscreen 70s/80s At the beginning of the seventies, Birel presented a chassis which was destined to leave a very deep impression on the history of karting: the Targa. In 1974, Birel and IAME formed an official team with future Formula 1 drivers Riccardo Patrese and Eddy Cheever. The eighties were the stage for a lot of successes as team and as manufacturer. Mika Hakkinen, the future Formula 1 star, raced for the team managed by Finnish importer Pekka Pirkola. Birel conquered four Junior World Championship titles from 1982 to 1986. 50s/60s 50s/60s Karting became popular throughout Europe at the end of the fifties. Umberto Sala at that time was managing a car and motorcycle shop in Lissone, near Milan. He opened a small light metalurgy workshop and started to make his first karts for fun. Sala’s chassis were called “Birel” which was the family’s nickname. ‹ › 1/5 fullscreen ‹ › × KEY PEOPLE Ronni Sala PRESIDENT & CEO Born in 1972, Ronni Sala - grandson of Umberto Sala, Birel’s founder - comes from a motorsport passionate family: Guido, Umberto’s brother, was a motorbike rider and so Ronni grew up with the motorbike passion and when he was 4 years old only, Ronni received his first motorcycle. After some racing experience - including the participation in the Italian 125cc Grand Prix championship in he 90s, Ronni joined his father and grandfather in the management of Birel. In 1994, he started to organize and manage the newborn Birel Motorsport: under his guide, Birel Motorsport won 4 consecutive titles from 1997 to 2000, including 3 world titles with Gianluca Beggio and the last in 2019 with Marijn Kremers. Ronni achieved not only important results with the racing team but also introduced important technological and commercial innovations: in 1997, for example, Birel presented Torsion, the first Birel chassis designed only by a computer. In 2000, Ronni launched the increase the number of karting fans, but soon became very famous not only in Italy but also in America and in many European countries. In 2014, Ronni launched a new era for Birel, by joining forces with ART Grand Prix to give birth to Birel ART. Thanks to the association with Nicolas Todt and his partners, Ronni contributed to create a new ambitious project that will be at the forefront of the karting industry, through original sporting, marketing and communication initiatives in support of the product, the brand and the Birel ART dealership network. Read More follow me Nicolas Todt AD Since he was born, Nicolas Todt grew up in the world of Motor Racing so for him. Turning his passion into his profession was a natural progression as well as a true achievement. A graduate of the commercial school of Toulouse (2000), Nicolas founded his first company, NTNZ, specialized in the communication and creation of Internet sites, in 2001. It was a successful first move into the field and he created for himself a large agenda of relations and a sphere of competence which naturally led him to aim even higher. Opportunity was born from a meeting with Felipe Massa in 2003, who Nicolas began to manage when the Brazilian had been hired by the Scuderia Ferrari Formula One team as a test driver. Nicolas created a new company, All Road Management, specialized in Motorsport consulting that currently takes care of the career of F1 drivers like Felipe Massa, Pastor Maldonado, Charles Leclerc and James Calado (AF Corse Ferrari). Two years after the creation of All Road Management, Nicolas joined Frederic Vasseur who was in charge of the ASM F3 team to create ART Grand Prix and enter the new stepping stone to F1, the GP2 championship. Success came right away as the team clinched all titles in 2005 and 2006 with Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton. At fall 2007 ART Grand Prix merged with ASM the F3 Team. In 2011, ART Grand Prix entered the go-kart world as a Manufacturer giving Nicolas a global view of the motorsport ladder, from karting to F1. Read More follow me FACTORY Management policy always oriented towards joining tradition and innovation, always putting the unconditional search for quality as its top priority along with maximum attention to the needs of the user in every segment of the market. The production organization provides for four departments located in a surface area of over 6.000 square meters: mechanical works, carpentry, assembly and the warehouse. Production, like the racing department, can consider itself one of the greatest expressions of excellence in the entire karting sector due to the use of maximum technology machinery and the best professionals. The technical office works in synergy with the racing department for the racing segment. ICONICS MODELS 0 Reattino The first mass-produced Birel, which dates back to 1961 LEARN MORE Sogliola The “flat” chassis, built in 1962 LEARN MORE Scoiattolo 1964 Engine moved to the driver’s side LEARN MORE Scoiattolo 1966 An evolution of its predecessor, with a three-tube rear end LEARN MORE 0 Fox 1967 The first Birel world champion LEARN MORE Drag 1968 Structure with a triangular layout LEARN MORE Strike 1971 The double column steering system LEARN MORE Targa 1972 The recovery weapon LEARN MORE 0 T4 Jesolo The first long wheelbase Targa LEARN MORE Cadetti For beginners LEARN MORE T7 Parma A two-bearing rear end LEARN MORE T12 B 1981 The first chassis for the 135 class LEARN MORE 0 Conte Nero 1983 A top international in the 125 class, too LEARN MORE T18 A transition chassis narrower in the front LEARN MORE Serie M Torsion concentrated up front LEARN MORE R 30 The “short cradle” chassis is born LEARN MORE 0 Torsion Revolutionary architecture and refined features LEARN MORE CR 832 A mobile bar to stiffen the front end LEARN MORE CR 31 SP 2004 LEARN MORE CRX 32 SC 2005 LEARN MORE 0 CRY 32 S2 2010 LEARN MORE RY 30 S4 2012 LEARN MORE CRY 30 S6 2014 LEARN MORE CRY-30-S8-2016 LEARN MORE 0 CRY-30-S11-2020 LEARN MORE CRY-30-S15-2023 LEARN MORE CONTACTS ADDRESS Via S. Michele del Carso, 40 20851 Lissone (MB) - Italy Phone +39 039 483440 EMAIL info@birelart.com WORKING HOURS Mon - Fri / 8AM - 5.30PM LINKS Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Cookie Preferences LAST NEWS Podium for Morgatto in the European... 29/04/2024 in Official Champions of the Future: Morgatto 5... 16/04/2024 in Official Happy Easter to all of you! 29/03/2024 in Factory NEWSLETTER Get all the latest information on events and offers. Subscribe to the newsletter: OK! Check your inbox. SUBSCRIBE LOADING PLEASE WAIT This website is not associated in any way with the Formula One group of companies. GRAND PRIX, F1, FORMULA 1 and FIA FORMULA ONE WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP and related marks are trademarks of Formula One Licensing B.V. the prior rights of which are hereby acknowledged. Birel ART Srl © 2024 | VAT IT-01531960191 | All Rights Reserved | Web designed and powered by Light Marketing snc This site uses cookies, including from third parties, to improve the browsing experience and to monitor activity; spiderweb. Read how it uses cookies and how you can control them by clicking on “Cookie Preferences”. Cookie Preferences I agree Cookie Preferences When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information through your browser, usually in the form of cookies. Since we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to permit data collection from certain types of services. However, not allowing these services may impact your experience. Privacy Policy You read and agreed to our Privacy Policy REQUIRED CDN For performance and security reasons, we use Cloudflare as our CDN networks. REQUIRED YouTube We use the YouTube service to enable video content streaming on this site. SoundCloud We use the SoundCloud service to enable audio content on this site. Facebook & Instagram We use the Facebook and Instagram services to enable social network content on this site. Google Maps We use the Google Maps service to enable maps content on this site. Save Preferences Privacy Policy

Birel ART | Birel ART World | La nostra Storia Birel ART World Missione e Valori La nostra Storia Key People Azienda Modelli Iconici Racing Il nostro DNA I nostri Piloti Gareggia con NOI News Aziendali Ufficiali Prodotti Birel ART Racing Kart Birel ART Rental Kart Kubica Racing Kart CL Charles Leclerc Kart Abbigliamento Media Pubblicità Download Telai Carenature Impianti Frenanti Documentazione Tecnica Schede Specifiche Tecniche Brochure Partners Sponsor Partners Tecnici Contatti TROVA RIVENDITORE E-COMMERCE en TROVA RIVENDITORE CERCA IT en E-COMMERCE La nostra Storia Home Birel ART World La nostra Storia Alla fine degli anni Cinquanta alcuni artigiani cominciarono a costruire telai cercando di imitare i kart che arrivavano dagli Stati Uniti. E’ quello che fece in un primo tempo anche Umberto Sala (il cui soprannome era appunto Birel). Nell’arco di pochi anni i kart di Sala si distinguono per tecnica e personalità tanto che, e nel 1959 viene fondata la Birel. Da allora ad oggi la marca si è aggiudicata 26 titoli mondiali oltre a un’infinità di titoli europei e numerosi campionati nazionali. Con telai costruiti a Lissone, sede della Birel, hanno corso e vinto piloti destinati più tardi a una brillante carriera nell’automobilismo agonistico, come Riccardo Patrese, Keke Rosberg, Stefano Modena, Emanuele Pirro, fino ai più recenti protagonisti della Formula Uno Mika Hakkinen e Juan Pablo Montoya e Robert Kubica, George Russell, Jenson Button. Anni '50/'60 Il karting si diffuse in tutta Europa alla fine degli anni Cinquanta. Gli artigiani che iniziarono a costruire i primi telai in Italia li chiamavano "cancelli", per via del loro peso e delle loro dimensioni. Umberto Sala in quei giorni gestiva un negozio di auto e moto a Lissone, vicino a Milano. Ha aperto una piccola officina di meccanica leggera e ha iniziato a realizzare i suoi primi kart per divertimento. Sala aveva gareggiato in gare motociclistiche e automobilistiche (tra cui due edizioni della Mille Miglia) e il karting era un modo per sfogare la sua passione per i motori e le competizioni. Il telaio di Sala era chiamato "Birel" che era il soprannome della famiglia (a Lissone i membri della famiglia Sala sono conosciuti come i "Birel", con l'accento sulla lettera "e"). Il primo pilota Birel Kart è stato Guido Sala, fratello di Umberto, che in passato aveva gareggiato in gare motociclistiche di altissimo livello. Uno dei piloti che ha contribuito ad affermare Birel sulle piste di tutto il mondo è Oscar Sala, figlio di Umberto, che diventerà il futuro numero uno dell’azienda per poi cedere le redini al figlio Ronni Sala Presidente attuale di Birel ART. Anni '70/'80 All'inizio degli anni settanta Birel presentò un telaio destinato a lasciare un'impronta molto profonda nella storia del karting: la Targa. Nel 1974 Birel e IAME, la casa costruttrice dei motori Komet e Parilla, formarono un team ufficiale con i futuri piloti di Formula 1 Riccardo Patrese ed Eddy Cheever. importer Pekka Pirkola, during the mid-eighties. Birel conquered four Junior World Championship titles from 1982 to 1986. Gli anni Ottanta sono stati teatro di tanti successi, sia come squadra corse che come costruttore. Mika Hakkinen, futura stella della Formula 1, ha corso per il team gestito dall'importatore finlandese Pekka Pirkola, a metà degli anni Ottanta. Birel ha conquistato quattro titoli mondiali junior dal 1982 al 1986. Anni '90/ 2000 Birel ha vinto sei titoli mondiali di Formula C negli anni dal 1990 al 2000 e ha guidato la classifica delle squadre più vincenti nella 125 di sempre. Alla fine degli anni novanta Birel si dedica al karting amatoriale, "inventa" le gare di durata, una nuova prospettiva nelle gare di kart, e crea un nuovo telaio, l’N035, appositamente studiato per queste competizioni. L'impegno Birel nel settore del karting amatoriale si è concentrato nel 2000 su una novità estremamente interessante, l'EasyKart, pensato per disegnare una sempre più ampia novità di approccio al karting amatoriale. Anni 2000-2010 La stella di Robert Kubica ha brillato per Birel nel 2000 quando ha conquistato il 4° posto nel Campionato del Mondo, l'ultimo assegnato in una singola prova. Easykart si è rapidamente consolidata in Italia con le sue tre categorie oltre a svilupparsi rapidamente in America e in molti paesi europei. Dal punto di vista produttivo, nel 2005 viene raggiunto l'obiettivo di portare la produzione di kart da noleggio (con il popolare modello N 35-X) e dei modelli Easykart ad oltre il 20% della produzione totale: la linea Easykart rappresenta quindi il 15% di tutti i kart kart prodotti e noleggiati circa il 13%. La quota di mercato di Birel cresce anche nei giovani dove domina la tecnologia del modello C-28, un kart che si mette subito in competizione con un design accattivante. Nel 2008 i principali costruttori decidono di partecipare alla WSK Series. Questa scelta si concretizza rapidamente nella promozione del karting internazionale, grazie ad un campionato articolato su più date nei principali mercati con ottimi standard organizzativi e mediatici. E nel 2008 Birel domina nella classe regina. Nel 2009 attraverso la partnership tra Birel e il pilota di Formula 1 Robert Kubica, è stato lanciato il nuovo marchio RK Robert Kubica Kart, ( www.kubicaracingkart.com )  mentre per sostenere al meglio il settore giovanile è stato formato un Junior Team all'interno di Birel Motorsport. Il 2010 è l'anno di presentazione e varo del nuovo Kart Grand Prix Trophy, Trofeo monomarca di motori promosso da BMB, società di Birel. La serie riscuote subito grande successo in Italia e quasi contemporaneamente in Inghilterra. Anni 2010-2020 Nel 2011, Nicolas Todt lancia un nuovo progetto di kart con il noto nome ART Grand Prix. ART Grand Prix, infatti, conquista podi in tutto il mondo dal 2005 con la sua GP2, poi la GP3 e infine con i suoi team GT. L'obiettivo di ART Grand Prix è fornire a piloti e clienti prodotti e assistenza di altissima qualità, sia in pista che sul mercato commerciale. ART Grand Prix ha applicato al suo karting Factory Team lo stesso approccio organizzativo già implementato nelle campagne di successo di ART Grand Prix nelle monoposto (GP2 Series, GP3 Series), fornendo una gamma completa di servizi ai nostri piloti oltre al servizio in pista attività. Durante la stagione 2014, ART Grand Prix e Birel Group hanno unito le forze per creare Birel ART, una nuova avventura volta a diventare uno dei principali protagonisti della scena Karting internazionale. La nuova avventura Birel ART, annunciata a settembre, ha unito la grande tradizione Birel, fatta di innumerevoli titoli mondiali ed europei, la sua capacità produttiva ed esperienza organizzativa tecnologicamente avanzate, e il DNA racing di grande successo di ART Grand Prix, l'unico racing team presente a tutti i livelli della scala del motorsport che porta alla Formula 1 - dal Karting alla Formula Renault 2.0, GP3 e GP2 Series - che ha visto artisti del calibro di Lewis Hamilton, Nico Rosberg e Sebastian Vettel, oltre a talenti del karting come Ben Hanley e Charles Leclerc. La nuova squadra non ha aspettato molto per conquistare la sua prima vittoria in quanto è arrivata già a novembre con un'impressionante vittoria di Paolo De Conto allo SKUSA SUPERNATIONALS XVIII di Las Vegas. Nel 2015 Birel ART lancia una nuova linea speciale in collaborazione con uno dei più importanti piloti di F1 della stagione 2014: Daniel Ricciardo. "Ricciardo Kart" è una linea di go-kart che copre l'intera gamma di categorie, dai Mini-kart, al Rotax e alle classi CIK-FIA (KFJ, KF, KZ). "Ricciardo Kart" è stato completato con una squadra ufficiale di corse nelle principali competizioni in tutta Europa: Ricciardo Kart Racing. ( www.ricciardokart.com ) Nel 2019 Birel ART lancia una nuova linea speciale in collaborazione con uno dei piloti di F1 più impressionanti: Charles Leclerc Charles Leclerc Kart è una gamma completa per le categorie Baby, Mini, OK/Junior, KZ, Rotax e noleggio. ( www.clkarting.com ) Charles Leclerc: “Devi sempre ricordare da dove vieni”, ha detto il pilota monegasco. “So cosa devo al kart: tutto! È lì che è nata la mia passione per gli sport motoristici, è lì che ho imparato le basi che mi hanno permesso di raggiungere la vetta della piramide ed è stato anche lì che ho incontrato alcune delle persone importanti che mi hanno supportato in seguito. Ero determinato a fare qualcosa per il kart da molto tempo, e penso che ora sia il momento giusto", ha continuato Charles. “Le doti di Birel ART sono state recentemente confermate da una magnifica doppietta al Campionato del Mondo KZ. Volevo che il telaio che portava il mio nome fosse in grado di funzionare molto bene in una vasta gamma di condizioni. Solo una grande fabbrica come Birel ART può garantire una così alta qualità di produzione su larga scala”. Il 2019 vede anche il titolo mondiale della classe regina KZ tornare nella casa di Lissone con un podio che si tinge di rosso con il campione mondiale Marijn Kremers e il vice Campione mondiale Riccardo Longhi. Il 2020 è stato un anno caratterizzato dalla ormai tristemente nota pandemia globale da COVID 19 e dopo lo stop iniziale che ha visto fermarsi tutto il mondo per numerosi mesi il settore del karting è ripartito con un calendario fittissimo a partire dal mese di maggio. Birel ART ha collezionato una serie di successi incredibili con prestazioni altissime della sua Squadra Corse e di conseguenza anche il mercato dei kart ha avuto una curva davvero positiva. Il 2021 sta ricalcando le ottime premesse del 2020 e tra vittorie importanti, titoli prestigiosi conquistati e un mercato molto dinamico lascia presupporre che l’annata si chiuderà in modo molto positivo e propositiva per i progetti futuri. Condividi questa Pagina Birel ART World Missione e Valori La nostra Storia Key People Azienda Modelli Iconici Chi siamo Politica di gestione sempre orientata a coniugare tradizione e innovazione, ponendo sempre come priorità assoluta la ricerca incondizionata della qualità e la massima attenzione alle esigenze dell’utilizzatore in ogni segmento di mercato. Ultime da Twitter Questo contenuto è bloccato. Si prega di rivedere le proprie Preferenze sui Cookie CONTATTI INDIRIZZO Via S. Michele del Carso, 40 20851 Lissone (MB) - Italia Telefono +39 039 483440 EMAIL info@birelart.com ORARIO DI LAVORO Lun - Ven / 8:00 - 17:30 LINKS Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Preferenze Cookie ULTIME NEWS Podio per Morgatto al Campionato Eu... 29/04/2024 in Ufficiali Champions of the Future: Morgatto q... 16/04/2024 in Ufficiali Buona Pasqua! 29/03/2024 in Aziendali NEWSLETTER Ricevi tutte le ultime informazioni su eventi e offerte. Iscriviti alla newsletter: OK! Controlla la tua casella email. ISCRIVITI ATTENDERE PREGO Questo sito Web non è associato in alcun modo al gruppo di società di Formula Uno. GRAND PRIX, F1, FORMULA 1 e FIA FORMULA ONE WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP e i relativi marchi sono marchi di Formula One Licensing B.V. i cui diritti anteriori sono qui riconosciuti. Birel ART Srl © 2024 | PIVA 01531960191 | Tutti i diritti riservati | Web designed and powered by Light Marketing snc Questo sito utilizza i cookies, anche di terze parti, per migliorare l’esperienza di navigazione e per monitorare l’attività web. Leggi come utilizziamo i cookie e come puoi controllarli facendo clic su “Preferenze Cookie”. Preferenze Cookie Sono d’accordo Preferenze Cookie Quando visiti un sito web, questo può memorizzare o recuperare informazioni attraverso il tuo browser, solitamente sotto forma di cookie. Poiché rispettiamo il tuo diritto alla privacy, puoi scegliere di non consentire la raccolta di dati da determinati tipi di servizi. Tuttavia, non consentire questi servizi potrebbe influire sulla tua esperienza. Privacy Policy Hai letto e accettato la nostra Informativa sulla Privacy Policy RICHIESTO CDN Per motivi di prestazioni e sicurezza, utilizziamo Cloudflare come nostre reti CDN. RICHIESTO YouTube Utilizziamo il servizio YouTube per abilitare lo streaming di contenuti video su questo sito. SoundCloud Usiamo il servizio SoundCloud per abilitare i contenuti audio su questo sito. Facebook & Instagram Utilizziamo i servizi Facebook e Instagram per abilitare i contenuti dei social network su questo sito. Google Maps Utilizziamo il servizio Google Maps per abilitare i contenuti delle mappe su questo sito. Salva Preferenze Privacy Policy

Birel ART | Birel ART World | Azienda Birel ART World Missione e Valori La nostra Storia Key People Azienda Modelli Iconici Racing Il nostro DNA I nostri Piloti Gareggia con NOI News Aziendali Ufficiali Prodotti Birel ART Racing Kart Birel ART Rental Kart Kubica Racing Kart CL Charles Leclerc Kart Abbigliamento Media Pubblicità Download Telai Carenature Impianti Frenanti Documentazione Tecnica Schede Specifiche Tecniche Brochure Partners Sponsor Partners Tecnici Contatti TROVA RIVENDITORE E-COMMERCE en TROVA RIVENDITORE CERCA IT en E-COMMERCE Azienda Home Birel ART World Azienda La politica di gestione è sempre orientata a coniugare tradizione e innovazione, ponendo come priorità assoluta la ricerca incondizionata della qualità e la massima attenzione alle esigenze del cliente in ogni segmento di mercato. L'organizzazione produttiva prevede quattro reparti dislocati su una superficie di oltre 6.000 mq: lavorazioni meccaniche, carpenteria, montaggio e magazzino. La produzione, come il reparto corse, può considerarsi una delle massime espressioni di eccellenza dell'intero settore del karting grazie all'utilizzo di macchinari di altissima tecnologia e dei migliori professionisti. L'ufficio tecnico lavora in sinergia con il reparto corse per il segmento racing. Visita la nostra azienda! Condividi questa Pagina Gallery Birel ART World Missione e Valori La nostra Storia Key People Azienda Modelli Iconici Chi siamo Politica di gestione sempre orientata a coniugare tradizione e innovazione, ponendo sempre come priorità assoluta la ricerca incondizionata della qualità e la massima attenzione alle esigenze dell’utilizzatore in ogni segmento di mercato. Ultime da Twitter Loading... Questo contenuto è bloccato. Si prega di rivedere le proprie Preferenze sui Cookie CONTATTI INDIRIZZO Via S. Michele del Carso, 40 20851 Lissone (MB) - Italia Telefono +39 039 483440 EMAIL info@birelart.com ORARIO DI LAVORO Lun - Ven / 8:00 - 17:30 LINKS Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Preferenze Cookie ULTIME NEWS Podio per Morgatto al Campionato Eu... 29/04/2024 in Ufficiali Champions of the Future: Morgatto q... 16/04/2024 in Ufficiali Buona Pasqua! 29/03/2024 in Aziendali NEWSLETTER Ricevi tutte le ultime informazioni su eventi e offerte. Iscriviti alla newsletter: OK! Controlla la tua casella email. ISCRIVITI ATTENDERE PREGO Questo sito Web non è associato in alcun modo al gruppo di società di Formula Uno. GRAND PRIX, F1, FORMULA 1 e FIA FORMULA ONE WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP e i relativi marchi sono marchi di Formula One Licensing B.V. i cui diritti anteriori sono qui riconosciuti. Birel ART Srl © 2024 | PIVA 01531960191 | Tutti i diritti riservati | Web designed and powered by Light Marketing snc Questo sito utilizza i cookies, anche di terze parti, per migliorare l’esperienza di navigazione e per monitorare l’attività web. Leggi come utilizziamo i cookie e come puoi controllarli facendo clic su “Preferenze Cookie”. Preferenze Cookie Sono d’accordo Preferenze Cookie Quando visiti un sito web, questo può memorizzare o recuperare informazioni attraverso il tuo browser, solitamente sotto forma di cookie. Poiché rispettiamo il tuo diritto alla privacy, puoi scegliere di non consentire la raccolta di dati da determinati tipi di servizi. Tuttavia, non consentire questi servizi potrebbe influire sulla tua esperienza. Privacy Policy Hai letto e accettato la nostra Informativa sulla Privacy Policy RICHIESTO CDN Per motivi di prestazioni e sicurezza, utilizziamo Cloudflare come nostre reti CDN. RICHIESTO YouTube Utilizziamo il servizio YouTube per abilitare lo streaming di contenuti video su questo sito. SoundCloud Usiamo il servizio SoundCloud per abilitare i contenuti audio su questo sito. Facebook & Instagram Utilizziamo i servizi Facebook e Instagram per abilitare i contenuti dei social network su questo sito. Google Maps Utilizziamo il servizio Google Maps per abilitare i contenuti delle mappe su questo sito. Salva Preferenze Privacy Policy

Birel ART | Unveiling 2024 Chassis S16 Range Birel ART World Mission and Values Our Story Key People Factory Iconics Models Racing Our DNA Our Drivers Racing with US News Factory Official Product Birel ART Racing Kart Birel ART Rental Kart Kubica Racing Kart CL Charles Leclerc Kart Sportswear Media Advertising Download Chassis Bodywork Braking System Technical Documentation Technical Data Sheet Brochure Partners Sponsor Technical Partners Contact FIND DEALERS E-COMMERCE it FIND DEALERS SEARCH EN it E-COMMERCE News Home News Factory Unveiling 2024 Chassis S16 Range 27/11/2023 Factory 4060 Birel ART is gearing up for the 2024 season with an enhanced fleet of chassis, setting the stage for a dynamic year ahead. The latest S16 generation and the versatile FreeLine accessories have undergone significant innovations, building upon the winning foundation established by the S15 chassis. Our engineers has meticulously fine-tuned technical nuances and introduced innovative components, aligning with our goals: enhancing on-track performance by optimizing chassis functionality and prioritizing user-friendly features to streamline both driver and team operations. Explore the excellence embodied by our brand! Share this Post News Popular Recent Birel ART introduces the New 2022 Cha... Birel ART introduces the New 2022 Chassis 30/11/2021 - Factory New 2022 Chassis S14 Range New 2022 Chassis S14 Range 07/12/2021 - Factory N-35 YR E-Kart N-35 YR E-Kart 20/04/2022 - Factory Birel ART Racing presents the 2022 Dr... Birel ART Racing presents the 2022 Drivers' LINE-UP 26/12/2021 - Factory Podium for Morgatto in the European C... Podium for Morgatto in the European Championship at Val d'Argenton 29/04/2024 - Official Champions of the Future: Morgatto 5th... Champions of the Future: Morgatto 5th in OK Final at Val d'Argenton 16/04/2024 - Official Happy Easter to all of you! Happy Easter to all of you! 29/03/2024 - Factory Valencia: Top Five for Morgatto in th... Valencia: Top Five for Morgatto in the European OK Championship 26/03/2024 - Official About Us Management policy always oriented towards joining tradition and innovation, always putting the unconditional search for quality as its top priority along with maximum attention to the needs of the user in every segment of the market. Latest from Twitter Loading... This content is blocked. Please review your Cookie Preferences CONTACTS ADDRESS Via S. Michele del Carso, 40 20851 Lissone (MB) - Italy Phone +39 039 483440 EMAIL info@birelart.com WORKING HOURS Mon - Fri / 8AM - 5.30PM LINKS Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Cookie Preferences LAST NEWS Podium for Morgatto in the European... 29/04/2024 in Official Champions of the Future: Morgatto 5... 16/04/2024 in Official Happy Easter to all of you! 29/03/2024 in Factory NEWSLETTER Get all the latest information on events and offers. Subscribe to the newsletter: OK! Check your inbox. SUBSCRIBE LOADING PLEASE WAIT This website is not associated in any way with the Formula One group of companies. GRAND PRIX, F1, FORMULA 1 and FIA FORMULA ONE WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP and related marks are trademarks of Formula One Licensing B.V. the prior rights of which are hereby acknowledged. Birel ART Srl © 2024 | VAT IT-01531960191 | All Rights Reserved | Web designed and powered by Light Marketing snc This site uses cookies, including from third parties, to improve the browsing experience and to monitor activity; spiderweb. Read how it uses cookies and how you can control them by clicking on “Cookie Preferences”. Cookie Preferences I agree Cookie Preferences When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information through your browser, usually in the form of cookies. Since we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to permit data collection from certain types of services. However, not allowing these services may impact your experience. Privacy Policy You read and agreed to our Privacy Policy REQUIRED CDN For performance and security reasons, we use Cloudflare as our CDN networks. REQUIRED YouTube We use the YouTube service to enable video content streaming on this site. SoundCloud We use the SoundCloud service to enable audio content on this site. Facebook & Instagram We use the Facebook and Instagram services to enable social network content on this site. Google Maps We use the Google Maps service to enable maps content on this site. Save Preferences Privacy Policy

Birel ART | Birel ART introduces the New 2022 Chassis Birel ART World Mission and Values Our Story Key People Factory Iconics Models Racing Our DNA Our Drivers Racing with US News Factory Official Product Birel ART Racing Kart Birel ART Rental Kart Kubica Racing Kart CL Charles Leclerc Kart Sportswear Media Advertising Download Chassis Bodywork Braking System Technical Documentation Technical Data Sheet Brochure Partners Sponsor Technical Partners Contact FIND DEALERS E-COMMERCE it FIND DEALERS SEARCH EN it E-COMMERCE News Home News Factory Birel ART introduces the New 2022 Chassis 30/11/2021 Factory 19137 After carrying out the usual development work during the 2021 season with an extraordinary level of commitment, the Italian manufacturer officially launches the models for the year 2022 and reveals the innovations applied to all the go-karts in its vast range to meet the needs of every class: from the MINI to the shifter class, including the non-shifter and DD2 classes. Birel ART is ready to face the 2022 season in the best possible way thanks to its new chassis. There are several innovations for both the latest generation of models, identified by the initials S14 , and the Free Line range of accessories. Starting from the solid base provided by the S12 go-karts, Birel ART engineers have continued to refine various technical details and devised innovative components to pursue twin goals: to improve performance out on the track, by optimising the way their chassis work, and to favour ease of use, facilitating the work of drivers as well as that of teams. Furthermore, the RY and CRY 30 models will benefit from the new homologation number 007/CH/10 , while the 32 chassis will keep the current number 007/CH/12 . Birel ART offers two frames for the junior and senior non-shifter classes, the RY30-S14 and RY32-S14 models, which benefit from an upgrade regarding the geometry of the frame. Also new are the adjustable pedals in the HI-TECH range, the adjustable support of the muffler, the KG fairings (model 507) with the latest homologation (front, rear and number plate) and the graphics of the stickers kit (with an even more modern and captivating look). More specifically, the Free Line pedals made of forged aluminium guarantee greater strength and allow multiple positional adjustments so that they can easily be adapted to the different characteristics of each driver. There are also two chassis for the shifter classes: CRY30-S14 and CRY32-S14 . They have the same technical innovations as the non-shifter models, except for the new adjustable support of the muffler (not necessary on karts in the KZ classes), but with the addition of the new transmission connecting rod of the HI-TECH range, made of forged aluminium, which offers greater stiffness to ensure more precise and direct gear changes: an advantage both in terms of driving sensations and performance. The new range of the Italian manufacturer also includes two chassis for the DD2 class: CRY30RX-S14 and CRY32RX-S14 . These models also boast the same upgrades found on the shifter karts, except for the new transmission connecting rod (not present on the karts used in the DD2 class). Another major development by Birel ART is the chassis for the MINI class, the C28 S124 , with homologation 007/CH/92 . In addition to the upgrade of the frame, the new adjustable muffler support and the standard MK20 fairing, the model aimed at younger drivers has been enhanced by both a new system for adjusting the steering column position and a new support for the steering column of the HI-TECH range, which help drivers find their ideal driving position. As confirmation of their efficiency, the braking systems remain unchanged on all chassis and have been newly homologated. However, the continuous search for perfection has prompted the Italian manufacturer to homologate a new system for the front brakes of shifter go-karts, which is still under development. The list of innovations offered by Birel ART in view of the coming season is completed by new rear hubs that are 50 mm in diameter and 100 mm in length, characterised by a special structure capable of generating more grip. Share this Post Gallery News Popular Recent New 2022 Chassis S14 Range New 2022 Chassis S14 Range 07/12/2021 - Factory N-35 YR E-Kart N-35 YR E-Kart 20/04/2022 - Factory Birel ART Racing presents the 2022 Dr... Birel ART Racing presents the 2022 Drivers' LINE-UP 26/12/2021 - Factory Birel ART announces its 2023 line up Birel ART announces its 2023 line up 28/12/2022 - Factory Podium for Morgatto in the European C... Podium for Morgatto in the European Championship at Val d'Argenton 29/04/2024 - Official Champions of the Future: Morgatto 5th... Champions of the Future: Morgatto 5th in OK Final at Val d'Argenton 16/04/2024 - Official Happy Easter to all of you! Happy Easter to all of you! 29/03/2024 - Factory Valencia: Top Five for Morgatto in th... Valencia: Top Five for Morgatto in the European OK Championship 26/03/2024 - Official About Us Management policy always oriented towards joining tradition and innovation, always putting the unconditional search for quality as its top priority along with maximum attention to the needs of the user in every segment of the market. Latest from Twitter Loading... This content is blocked. Please review your Cookie Preferences CONTACTS ADDRESS Via S. Michele del Carso, 40 20851 Lissone (MB) - Italy Phone +39 039 483440 EMAIL info@birelart.com WORKING HOURS Mon - Fri / 8AM - 5.30PM LINKS Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Cookie Preferences LAST NEWS Podium for Morgatto in the European... 29/04/2024 in Official Champions of the Future: Morgatto 5... 16/04/2024 in Official Happy Easter to all of you! 29/03/2024 in Factory NEWSLETTER Get all the latest information on events and offers. Subscribe to the newsletter: OK! Check your inbox. SUBSCRIBE LOADING PLEASE WAIT This website is not associated in any way with the Formula One group of companies. GRAND PRIX, F1, FORMULA 1 and FIA FORMULA ONE WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP and related marks are trademarks of Formula One Licensing B.V. the prior rights of which are hereby acknowledged. Birel ART Srl © 2024 | VAT IT-01531960191 | All Rights Reserved | Web designed and powered by Light Marketing snc This site uses cookies, including from third parties, to improve the browsing experience and to monitor activity; spiderweb. Read how it uses cookies and how you can control them by clicking on “Cookie Preferences”. Cookie Preferences I agree Cookie Preferences When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information through your browser, usually in the form of cookies. Since we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to permit data collection from certain types of services. However, not allowing these services may impact your experience. Privacy Policy You read and agreed to our Privacy Policy REQUIRED CDN For performance and security reasons, we use Cloudflare as our CDN networks. REQUIRED YouTube We use the YouTube service to enable video content streaming on this site. SoundCloud We use the SoundCloud service to enable audio content on this site. Facebook & Instagram We use the Facebook and Instagram services to enable social network content on this site. Google Maps We use the Google Maps service to enable maps content on this site. Save Preferences Privacy Policy

