Home - Cauvin Metals Linkedin EN IT DE ES EN EN en IT IT it DE DE de ES ES es AZIENDA PRODOTTI ALLUMINIO PRIMARIO ZINCO PIOMBO SERVIZI TEAM CONTATTI Menu + 00 anni di esperienza nel trading di metalli + 00 paesi serviti + 000 . 000 tons annue movimentate Cauvin Metals Leader italiano nel trading di metalli non ferrosi “Da Genova nel mondo” Azienda Cauvin Metals , grazie ai rapporti di collaborazione con i maggiori produttori mondiali e grazie alla sua organizzazione commerciale e logistica è diventata rapidamente uno dei maggiori trader italiani di alluminio primario , leghe di alluminio primario , zinco e piombo , ed è in grado di fornire ai propri clienti servizi finanziari, logistici e le operazioni di hedging sul London Metal Exchange. Maggiori Informazioni - Azienda Perché Cauvin Metals ? Siamo parte di un Gruppo con oltre 120 anni di storia e di esperienza nel commercio internazionale Forniamo il prodotto giusto, nel momento giusto e al prezzo giusto Abbiamo consolidati rapporti con alcuni tra i maggiori produttori mondiali Siamo “Glocal”, pensiamo globale ma operiamo localmente Poniamo attenzione alle esigenze dei nostri clienti Siamo una squadra flessibile, veloce e affidabile I rapporti umani sono alla base della nostra attività Siamo italiani e appassionati del nostro lavoro Servizi Cauvin Metals , grazie alla sua esperienza, mette a disposizione dei suoi clienti supporto logistico, costante stock nei maggiori porti europei, servizi finanziari, copertura del rischio legato all’andamento del metallo e possibilità di pricing su medie, date future e valute differenti. Maggiori Informazioni - Servizi _ Prodotti Cauvin Metals ha sviluppato, negli anni, rapporti stabili e di fiducia con i maggiori produttori mondiali. Partnership consolidate che permettono di avere magazzini costantemente forniti con diverse qualità di metallo per ogni esigenza del cliente. Maggiori Informazioni - Prodotti _ Condizioni generali di vendita - General terms and conditions of sale Reach - Privacy (GDPR) & Cookie Policy © CAUVIN METALS S.r.l. - C.F./P.IVA - IT 07204780964   - Informativa Gdpr UE 2016/679 Scorrere verso l’alto Questo sito utilizza i Cookies per migliorare l'esperienza di navigazione. Se continuerai a navigare, accetterai l'uso di tali cookies. Chiudi Politica sui Cookies

Home - Cauvin Metals Linkedin EN IT DE ES EN EN en IT IT it DE DE de ES ES es COMPANY PRODUCTS PRIMARY ALUMINIUM ZINC LEAD SERVICES TEAM CONTACTS Menu + 00 years of experience in metal trading + 00 countries served + 000 . 000 tons handled yearly Cauvin Metals Italian leader in the trading of non-ferrous metals “From Genoa to the world” Company Thanks to its cooperation with the world’s leading manufacturers and to its sales and logistic organisation, Cauvin Metals has rapidly become one of the most important Italian traders of primary aluminium , primary aluminium alloys , zinc and lead . Cauvin Metals offers its customers financial and logistic services and hedging operations on the London Metal Exchange. Learn more - Company Why Cauvin Metals ? We are part of a Group that boasts more than 120 years of experience in international trade We supply the right product, at the right time and at the right price We rely on long-standing relations with some of the world’s leading manufacturers We are “glocal”, i.e. we think globally but operate locally We are devoted to meeting our customers’ needs Ours is a versatile, fast, reliable team Human relations are the foundations of our activity We are Italian and passionate about our job Services Thanks to its experience, Cauvin Metals offers its customers logistic support, a constant stock in the largest European ports, financial services, coverage of risks related to metal market trends and the possibility to provide pricing based on averages, future dates and in different currencies. Learn more - Services _ Products Over the years, Cauvin Metals has developed sound, trustful relations with the world’s leading manufacturers – long-standing partnerships that mean the Company’s warehouses are constantly supplied with different types of metal, so as to meet any and all customer needs. Learn more – Products _ General terms and conditions of sale Reach - Privacy (GDPR) & Cookie Policy © CAUVIN METALS S.r.l. - C.F./P.IVA - IT 07204780964 Scroll to top This website uses cookies to improve functionality and performance. Find out more about our cookie policy for details. Otherwise we'll assume you are ok to continue. Close Cookie's Policy

Gruppo Cauvin - Fertilizzanti, Acciaio, Alluminio, Ferro leghe e Procurement Internazional Vai al contenuto Since 1890
from Genoa to the World A breve verrai reindirizzato alla nuova pagina di destinazione. Se desideri accedere immediatamente, clicca su Continua. CONTINUA Vittorio Cauvin s.p.a. Via XX Settembre, 31/7 – 16121 Genoa (IT) VAT 02599320104

Company - Cauvin Metals Linkedin EN IT DE ES EN EN en IT IT it DE DE de ES ES es COMPANY PRODUCTS PRIMARY ALUMINIUM ZINC LEAD SERVICES TEAM CONTACTS Menu Cauvin Metals S.r.l. Founded in 2010 as a result of the experience and skills gained as dealers, Cauvin Metal S.r.l. is a reference player in non-ferrous materials trading, both in Italy and in Europe. Cauvin Metals was established in Genoa as a spin-off of Gruppo Cauvin , a holding of the Cauvin Group, who operated in the importing and distribution of non-ferrous metals and the exporting of iron & steel products. A vital role is played by the trading of primary aluminium, an activity that stems from Vittorio Cauvin’s nearly-twenty-year experience as exclusive dealer in Italy for BHP Billiton, one of the leading manufacturers of raw materials in the world. Cauvin Metals operates in the trading of primary aluminium and zinc, totalling a yearly sales volume exceeding 100,000 MT, and is a dealer for the Boliden group in the sale of lead and lead alloys on the Italian market. Thanks to its long-standing relations with manufacturers, Cauvin Metals is one of the leading importers of primary aluminium ingots in Southern Europe, with an increasing presence in Central and Northern Europe and Central America. The Company takes care of the most sensitive steps of trading, from logistics to LME coverage operations. Vittorio Cauvin S.p.A., established in 1890 and employing over 200 people, is the holding of a group of companies operating in the importing and distribution of iron & steel products and fertilisers, with service and distribution centres in several Italian regions. Because of the strong synergy between and among its companies, the Cauvin Group is one of the leading Italian players in its sector and can rely on a close cooperation with the most important Italian and foreign manufacturers. In 2015 Cauvin Metals grew even stronger after being joined by Banchero Costa , one of the most successful international service providers in the shipping industry. Cauvin Group since 1890, a leader in the processing and distribution of non-ferrous materials, iron & steel products, and fertilisers. Cauvin Metals Cauvin Metals has become one of the most important Italian traders of primary aluminium, zinc, and lead. Services Cauvin Metals benefits from the logistic support offered by the main warehouses and shipping companies operating in major European ports, where the company has available constant stocks. Condizioni generali di vendita - General terms and conditions of sale Reach - Privacy (GDPR) & Cookie Policy © CAUVIN METALS S.r.l. - C.F./P.IVA - IT 07204780964 Scroll to top This website uses cookies to improve functionality and performance. Find out more about our cookie policy for details. Otherwise we'll assume you are ok to continue. Close Cookie's Policy

