Who we are – GenertecItalia ✕ Who we are Genertec Group Genertec Italia is a subsidiary of China General Technology Group) Holding Co., Ltd (Genertec Group), a leading company in China in the engineering, machinery and pharmaceutical services sector. Genertec Group is one of the pillars of the Chinese state system, directly managed by the Central Government, authorized in 2018 to conduct pilot projects with state-owned assets. It has been on the Global Fortune 500 list since 2014. Genertec History 1950 The company was named "China National Machinery Import & Export Corporation". 1997 According to the Company Law of PRC and “ the State Council's One Hundred Modern Enterprises Pilot Program ” , CMC was reconstructed to a wholly state-owned company registered in the State Administration for Industry and Commerce as a limited liability company. 1998 CMC CMC became one of the core founding members of China General Technology (Group) Holding Co., Ltd. (Genertec). 2022 In 2022, Genertec integrated their internal resources and set up Genertec International Holding Co., ltd (Genertec International), which coordinates the international development of all subsidiaries of Genertec Group, such as Genertec Italia . Genertec Italia s.r.l is the first commercial company of the Chinese Government founded in Italy with the aim of coordinating the marketing of technology from Italy to China as part of the great Chinese economic and industrial development project. Genertec Italia is the ideal partner to face the complexities of a constantly evolving global market. Genertec's privileged relationship with institutions and government agencies enables it to best represent the interests of its clients and ensures successful business and investment transactions. Genertec Italia has become a reference for trade and business relations between Italian and Chinese companies and enjoys a well-established reputation thanks to its long-standing presence in the area, qualified staff and high efficiency of services offered. With its commitment to excellence and dedication to creating value for our clients, Genertec Italia S.r.l. is the ideal choice for all companies wishing to take advantage of the opportunities offered by the dynamic Chinese market and promote sustainable growth in the energy and innovative technology sector. Our global presence Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Genertec Italia Piazza Sigmund Freud n.1 20154 Milano Tel +39.028392270 Fax +39.0289409344 Mail info@genertecitalia.it Genertec Cina Genertec Center No.1 (B) Xiying Avenue, Fengtai District Beijing 100073, China Genertec ©2024. Website by L'ortografico Home Who we are What We Do? Counsulting Distribution Products Contacts Questo sito web utilizza i cookie per migliorare la tua esperienza. Utilizzando questo sito web accetti la nostra Cookies Policy e Privacy Policy . This website uses cookies to improve your experience. By using this website you agree to our Cookies Policy and Privacy Policy . Accetta tutto / Accept all

GenertecItalia – China & Italy Consulting, Investments and Trading ✕ WHAT WE DO? Import, Export & Solutions from China GENERTEC Italia What We Do CONSULTING We offer highly specialized consulting services tailored to meet your specific needs. With our extensive network of relations and deep understanding of the Chinese market, we are committed to providing comprehensive solutions that drive your business growth and ensure success in your ventures. VISIT CONSULTING DISTRIBUTION We are a leading importer and wholesaler of cutting-edge technology, services, and integrated solutions for energy efficiency and renewable energies in the Italian and European markets. Our commitment to sustainability and innovation drives us to provide exceptional products and services that contribute to a greener future. VISIT DISTRIBUTION PRODUCTS We are proud to offer a wide range of products in the field of sustainable energy and innovative technologies. VIEW PRODUCTS Who we are We are the first commercial company of the Chinese Government founded on the Italian territory. Through our extensive network of contacts and consolidated experience, we facilitate the transfer of know-how, technology collaboration and the growth of bilateral trade. We offer significant advantages both to Italian companies wishing to expand into the Chinese market and to Chinese companies looking for opportunities in Italy and Europe. With our commitment to excellence and dedication to creating value for our customers, Genertec Italia S.r.l. it is the ideal choice for all companies wishing to take advantage of the opportunities offered by the dynamic Chinese market and promote sustainable growth in the energy and innovative technologies sector. WHO WE ARE. OUR MISSION Our mission is to facilitate and enhance collaboration between Italy and China, enabling mutual economic and industrial growth. Genertec Italia S.r.l. it is at the center of commercial relations between the two countries, facilitating the exchange of technologies, services and innovative solutions with a particular focus on the renewable energies and energy efficiency sectors. CONTACT US Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Genertec Italia Piazza Sigmund Freud n.1 20154 Milano Tel +39.028392270 Fax +39.0289409344 Mail info@genertecitalia.it Genertec Cina Genertec Center No.1 (B) Xiying Avenue, Fengtai District Beijing 100073, China Genertec ©2024. Website by L'ortografico Home Who we are What We Do? Counsulting Distribution Products Contacts Questo sito web utilizza i cookie per migliorare la tua esperienza. Utilizzando questo sito web accetti la nostra Cookies Policy e Privacy Policy . This website uses cookies to improve your experience. By using this website you agree to our Cookies Policy and Privacy Policy . Accetta tutto / Accept all

GenertecItalia – China & Italy Consulting, Investments and Trading ✕ WHAT WE DO? Import, Export & Solutions from China GENERTEC Italia What We Do CONSULTING We offer highly specialized consulting services tailored to meet your specific needs. With our extensive network of relations and deep understanding of the Chinese market, we are committed to providing comprehensive solutions that drive your business growth and ensure success in your ventures. VISIT CONSULTING DISTRIBUTION We are a leading importer and wholesaler of cutting-edge technology, services, and integrated solutions for energy efficiency and renewable energies in the Italian and European markets. Our commitment to sustainability and innovation drives us to provide exceptional products and services that contribute to a greener future. VISIT DISTRIBUTION PRODUCTS We are proud to offer a wide range of products in the field of sustainable energy and innovative technologies. VIEW PRODUCTS Who we are We are the first commercial company of the Chinese Government founded on the Italian territory. Through our extensive network of contacts and consolidated experience, we facilitate the transfer of know-how, technology collaboration and the growth of bilateral trade. We offer significant advantages both to Italian companies wishing to expand into the Chinese market and to Chinese companies looking for opportunities in Italy and Europe. With our commitment to excellence and dedication to creating value for our customers, Genertec Italia S.r.l. it is the ideal choice for all companies wishing to take advantage of the opportunities offered by the dynamic Chinese market and promote sustainable growth in the energy and innovative technologies sector. WHO WE ARE. OUR MISSION Our mission is to facilitate and enhance collaboration between Italy and China, enabling mutual economic and industrial growth. Genertec Italia S.r.l. it is at the center of commercial relations between the two countries, facilitating the exchange of technologies, services and innovative solutions with a particular focus on the renewable energies and energy efficiency sectors. CONTACT US Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Genertec Italia Piazza Sigmund Freud n.1 20154 Milano Tel +39.028392270 Fax +39.0289409344 Mail info@genertecitalia.it Genertec Cina Genertec Center No.1 (B) Xiying Avenue, Fengtai District Beijing 100073, China Genertec ©2024. Website by L'ortografico Home Who we are What We Do? Counsulting Distribution Products Contacts Questo sito web utilizza i cookie per migliorare la tua esperienza. Utilizzando questo sito web accetti la nostra Cookies Policy e Privacy Policy . This website uses cookies to improve your experience. By using this website you agree to our Cookies Policy and Privacy Policy . Accetta tutto / Accept all

GENERTEC ITALIA SRL | LinkedIn LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads ) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy . Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings . Accept Reject Skip to main content LinkedIn Articles People Learning Jobs Join now Sign in GENERTEC ITALIA SRL International Trade and Development Follow View all 27 employees Report this company About us Genertec Italia is the first commercial company set up by the Chinese Government in Italy. The company’s origins date back to 1988 when China National Technical Import and Export Corp, one of the major Chinese State Owned Enterprises, opened a representative office in Italy. Since then, Genertec Italia assists its Clients along the path to enter the Chinese market, supporting them in every aspect of their journey with specific skills, soundness and reliability provided by a State Owned Group and the 20-years-presence on the Italian market. Genertec Italia has also recently deepen the outreach offering consulting services and realizing e-commerce projects. Genertec Italia ensures to find the appropriate solutions for Brands on the digital world and to allow them to sell goods on the Chinese digital market.
Our core sectors: Trade & Engineering contracting, Pharmaceutical Industry, Technical Consulting And Advanced Manufacturing.

Genertec Italia s.r.l  è la prima azienda commerciale del Governo Cinese fondata sul territorio italiano. Le origini dell’azienda risalgono al 1988, quando la China National Technical Import and Export Corporation, una delle maggiori aziende di Stato cinesi, apre a Milano il suo ufficio di rappresentanza. Da allora, Genertec Italia  favorisce gli scambi e le relazioni commerciali tra imprese italiane e cinesi e promuove la nascita di iniziative commerciali, offrendo consulenze strategiche e assistenza logistica. Genertec Italia ha, inoltre, ampliato di recente il proprio raggio di azione per realizzare progetti e-commerce efficaci guidando i Brand nel mondo digitale e offrendo loro la possibilità di interfacciarsi sul canale online in Cina.
I nostri settori principali: Trade & Engineering Contracting, Farmaceutico e Medicale, Consulenza Tecnica e Manifatturiero Avanzato. Website http://www.genertecitalia.it External link for GENERTEC ITALIA SRL Industry International Trade and Development Company size 11-50 employees Headquarters Milano Type Privately Held Founded 1988 Specialties Consulting, Investiments, International Trading, B2B e-commerce services, Trade & Engineering contracting, Import & Export, Pharmaceutical industry, and Advanced manufacturing Locations Primary Piazza S.Freud n.1 Milano, 20154, IT Get directions Employees at GENERTEC ITALIA SRL Angelo Rivolta Head of Heat Pumps Division at Genertec Italia Alessandro Bragantini +30 years of expertise in Technical Operations of Oil&Gas, Power & Water in major leading companies (VP and Director) and then co-founder and COO of… Andrea Rigano impiegato amministrativo presso Genertec Italia srl Massimo Sabini Amministrativo presso GENERTEC ITALIA SRL See all employees Updates GENERTEC ITALIA SRL 3,073 followers 1mo Edited Report this post Sul numero di aprile di SolareB2B si parla di GENERTEC ITALIA SRL e CMC Europe Italy #italiacina #fotovoltaico #epc #investimenti #sinergie #collaborazioni #SolarPower #CleanEnergy #Sustainability #Innovation #SolarIndustry #Photovoltaic 22 Like Comment Share GENERTEC ITALIA SRL 3,073 followers 1mo Report this post Thank you again and a warm farewell until next time! …see more 19 Like Comment Share GENERTEC ITALIA SRL 3,073 followers 2mo Edited Report this post We are thrilled to share the success of our first-ever event “Green Horizons: Sino-Italian New Energy Collaboration” organized by Genertec Italia and CMC Europe Italy the two entities of Genertec Group in Italy. With over 100 attendees, it was an outstanding turnout!

Heartfelt thanks to the esteemed institutions that supported us: Geng Xiewei Economic Counsellor of the Consulate-General of the PRC in Milano, Marco Fedato FDI Director Milano & Partners /Yes Milano, and Mr Fan Xianwei Secretary General of the Chinese Chamber of Commerce in Italy and to all the sponsors of the event Tongwei Solar , Risen Energy , Powerway Renewable Energy Co.,Ltd. , JA Solar , Sungrow Power Supply Co., Ltd. Our event brought together leading manufacturers in the PV industry to delve into the latest technological innovations in PV and storage. Aran Huang, Overseas Technical Support from Tongwei Solar , Ye Jiajun, Senior Product Manager from Risen Energy , Rongfeng(Fio) C. Technical Engineer Director from Powerway Renewable Energy Co.,Ltd. and Terry Yuan, General Manager of Overseas Sales & Marketing from Sunwoda Energy Technology Co., Ltd steered by the expertise of Maurizio Parodi from AFRY .

Investments, financing and development of new PV projects in Italy were the topics of a second round table. Renowned experts from banking, energy trading, and IPP shared their perspectives, enriching our understanding of the opportunities and challenges in the Italian PV market. A special thanks to the distinguished professionals Lorenzo Parola , Luca Matrone , Stefano Cavriani , Giuseppe Mastropieri and Giuseppe T. , Under the adept moderation of Sara Di Mario , the panel discussion was engaging and enlightening, fostering a vibrant exchange of ideas.

Thanks to everyone who contributed to the success of this event. Let's look forward to meeting again next year for another enriching experience! #GenertecItalia #CMCEuropeItaly #PVIndustry #Sustainability #ChinaItalyCooperation #RenewableEnergy #EPC #Solarpower #Cleanenergy #GreenFieldDevelopment 60 1 Comment Like Comment Share Join now to see what you are missing Find people you know at GENERTEC ITALIA SRL Browse recommended jobs for you View all updates, news, and articles Join now Similar pages CMC Europe Civil Engineering Forniture Fotovoltaiche Renewable Energy Semiconductor Manufacturing Matera, Basilicata GENERTEC (UK) LIMITED International Trade and Development GENERTEC Investment Management Co., Ltd Investment Management 上海市, 上海市 CMC Europe Italy Engineering Services Milan, Lombardy China National Machinery Import & Export Corporation Oil and Gas Beijing, Beijing Future Motors Ltd Appliances, Electrical, and Electronics Manufacturing Hertford, Hertfordshire SAJ Renewable Energy Semiconductor Manufacturing Guangzhou, Guangdong Termosud Impianti Santa Maria Capua Vetere, Ce Tongwei Solar Renewable Energy Semiconductor Manufacturing Show more similar pages Show fewer similar pages Browse jobs Microwave Engineer jobs 1,771 open jobs Sales Assistant jobs 158,636 open jobs User Experience Researcher jobs 6,103 open jobs Customer Service Specialist jobs 191,762 open jobs Project Manager jobs 312,603 open jobs Build And Release Engineer jobs 18,066 open jobs Software Test Engineer jobs 16,099 open jobs Android Developer jobs 41,511 open jobs User Experience Designer jobs 23,764 open jobs Engineer jobs 608,159 open jobs Asset Manager jobs 31,954 open jobs Sales Officer jobs 79,955 open jobs Export Manager jobs 66,344 open jobs Business Development Manager jobs 168,144 open jobs Development Manager jobs 317,820 open jobs Event Manager jobs 47,477 open jobs Key Account Manager jobs 51,490 open jobs Sales Specialist jobs 148,150 open jobs Sales Manager jobs 348,591 open jobs Manager jobs 2,003,890 open jobs Show more jobs like this Show fewer jobs like this More searches More searches Coordinator jobs Sales Manager jobs Manager jobs Developer jobs Procurement Manager jobs Export Manager jobs Sports Specialist jobs Tax Preparer jobs Import Export Specialist jobs Product Manager jobs Project Manager jobs LinkedIn © 2024 About Accessibility User Agreement Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Brand Policy Guest Controls Community Guidelines العربية (Arabic) Čeština (Czech) Dansk (Danish) Deutsch (German) English (English) Español (Spanish) Français (French) हिंदी (Hindi) Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian) Italiano (Italian) 日本語 (Japanese) 한국어 (Korean) Bahasa Malaysia (Malay) Nederlands (Dutch) Norsk (Norwegian) Polski (Polish) Português (Portuguese) Română (Romanian) Русский (Russian) Svenska (Swedish) ภาษาไทย (Thai) Tagalog (Tagalog) Türkçe (Turkish) Українська (Ukrainian) 简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified)) 正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional)) Language Agree & Join LinkedIn By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy . Sign in to see who you already know at GENERTEC ITALIA SRL Sign in Welcome back Email or phone Password Show Forgot password? Sign in or By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy . New to LinkedIn? Join now or By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy . New to LinkedIn? Join now

