Industrial Automation & Motion Control | Kollmorgen Powered by Cookiebot Consent Details [#IABV2SETTINGS#] About We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience By clicking the Accept button, you agree to us doing so. View Privacy Policy Consent Selection Necessary Preferences Statistics Marketing Show details Necessary 13 Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Cookiebot 2 Learn more about this provider 1.gif Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Google 1 Learn more about this provider test_cookie Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP bscookie This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP kollmorgen.com 1 __cf_bm This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP lpsnmedia.net www.kollmorgen.com 2 LPSecureStorage#lpSS [x2] Preserves the visitor's session state across page requests. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB va.v.liveperson.net 1 LPSessionID Preserves the visitor's session state across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP www.kollmorgen.com 1 SSESS# Pending Expiry : 23 days Type : HTTP www.recaptcha.net 2 rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML Preferences 4 Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP lpcdn.lpsnmedia.net lptag.liveperson.net 2 lpTestCookie# [x2] Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP lptag.liveperson.net 1 lpTabId Used by LivePerson real time messaging platform to identify the active message tab. Expiry : Session Type : HTML Statistics 18 Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Amazon 1 Learn more about this provider vlmref This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Google 1 Learn more about this provider td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Hotjar 5 Learn more about this provider hjActiveViewportIds This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML hjViewportId Saves the user's screen size in order to adjust the size of images on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTML _hjSession_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _hjSessionUser_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _hjTLDTest Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider AnalyticsSyncHistory Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP Microsoft 5 Learn more about this provider c.gif Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _clsk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _cltk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTML CLID Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP analytics.vendemore.com d2hya7iqhf5w3h.cloudfront.net 2 vaid [x2] Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP lptag.liveperson.net 2 LPVID Used by LivePerson real time messaging platform to recognize the visitor on returning visits. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP lpLastVisit-# Used by LivePerson real time messaging platform to store the timestamp of the user's last visit. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML va.v.liveperson.net 1 LPVisitorID Used by LivePerson real time messaging platform to recognize the visitor on returning visits. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Marketing 46 Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Google 7 Learn more about this provider IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP pagead/landing Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel ads/ga-audiences Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider li_sugr Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP UserMatchHistory Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP li_adsId Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Microsoft 14 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML MR [x2] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP MSPTC This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP MUID [x2] Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP SRM_B Tracks the user’s interaction with the website’s search-bar-function. This data can be used to present the user with relevant products or services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP ANONCHK Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP SM Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device during return visits across websites that use the same ad network. The ID is used to allow targeted ads. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP YouTube 21 Learn more about this provider #-# Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTML iU5q-!O9@$ Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTML LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB nextId Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP requests Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Pending Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Pending Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP YSC Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML lpsnmedia.net 1 cobrowse-storage_expiration-13298558 Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTML Unclassified 16 Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Here 1 Learn more about this provider H_STATIC_DB#data Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB PartCommunity 1 Learn more about this provider PWEBSESSIONID Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP fe.sitedataprocessing.com 2 vv_session_id Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP vv_visitor_id Pending Expiry : 3 years Type : HTTP kollmorgen.com 1 wp# Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP lptag.liveperson.net 1 LPSID-13298558 Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP www.kollmorgen.com 10 koll_analytics_campaign Pending Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP koll_analytics_content Pending Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP koll_analytics_keyword Pending Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP koll_analytics_medium Pending Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP koll_analytics_referring_url Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP koll_analytics_source Pending Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP koll_curvegen_url Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML kollpas_saved3DInfo Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML kollpas_savedProject Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML kollpas_savedUrl Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Cross-domain consent [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] [#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#] List of domains your consent applies to: [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#] Cookie declaration last updated on 4/20/24 by Cookiebot [#IABV2_TITLE#] [#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages. You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website. Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy. Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent. Do not sell or share my personal information Deny Allow selection Customize Allow all Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics Salta al contenuto principale Lingua English Deutsch 简体中文 Italiano Türkçe Português, Brasil Français Top Navigation Download Contattaci Prodotti Soluzioni Strumenti di progettazione Resources Support Center Società Non sai se hai bisogno di un servo o di uno stepper? Leggi il nostro white paper Products Sub Menu Automazione Automation Platform Panoramica di Kollmorgen Automation Suite™ Software Hardware controller Dispositivi I/O AKT2G per KAS Soluzioni di sicurezza KSM Cavi di rete per KAS Servosistemi 2G Motion System Motori Servomotori Servomotore AKM2G La famiglia AKM Servomotori serie EKM Servomotori fuori produzione Azionamenti diretti Serie frameless TBM2G Cartridge DDR® Motori housed D e DH Servomotori Frameless Serie KBM Frameless serie TBM Servomotori Direct Drive RBE Motori lineari ad azionamento diretto Motori passo passo Serie PMX Serie POWERMAX M e P POWERPAC® serie K e N Serie ibride E e H CT Series Washdown Food Grade Servomotori AKMA AKM Washdown e per uso alimentare Motori brush DC Motori torque DC Bauer Gear Motor Motori Antideflagranti Serie EB ed EBH Goldline Serie EP antideflagrante Motori Passo Passo Serie MX per impeghi pericolosi Azionamenti Servoazionamenti Servoazionamento AKD2G Famiglia AKD MKD Multiaxis Servo Drive System Servoazionamento S700 Servoazionamento S300 Servizio Servoazionamenti Azionamenti passo-passo Azionamento passo-passo P8000 Azionamento passo-passo P5000 Azionamento passo-passo P6000 AGV Systems Accessori per servosistemi Accessori per servosistemi Riduttori DuraTRUE™ EverTRUE™ Sistema RediMount™ UltraTRUE™ ValueTRUE™ XTRUE™ Thomson Movimentazione Lineare Applications Sub Menu Settore aerospaziale e difesa Settore Agricolo Material Handling Industria alimentare Industria 4.0 Macchine utensili Sistemi di imaging Settore Medicale Formatura del metallo Petroilio e Gas Imballaggio e Converting Farmaceutico Smistamento posta e pacchi Stampa Robotica Safety2G Pneumatici e materie plastiche Confronta prodotti Product Selectors Scarica disegni Modelli 3D Dimensionare un'applicazione Motioneering Genera curve di prestazione Performance Curve Generator per motori con alloggiamento (PCGH) Genera curve di prestazione Performance Curve Generator Tools Progetta un sistema passo-passo Stepper Optimizer Calcolo Safe Dynamic Braking AKD2G Safe Dynamic Braking Calculator Trova l'assistenza di cui hai bisogno Support Home Support Sub Menu Supporto Prodotto Community Download Moduli RMA AGV Partner Portal Contattaci Download Hai mai considerato un motore frameless? Scopri di più Resources Sub Menu Blog in Motion Casi di successo Cataloghi E-learning Tecnologie dei prodotti Kollmorgen Video Gallery White Papers Engineer the Exceptional Altre informazioni About Us Sub Menu Comunicati Stampa Environmental, Social and Governance Commitments Eventi Informazioni Su Kollmorgen Opportunità di Lavoro in Kollmorgen Ricerca distributori Sedi nel mondo Storia Vision, Mission, Values Kollmorgen è Precisione nel Motion Motori • Azionamenti • Sistemi di Motion Control • Soluzioni per veicoli a guida automatica Scopri di più Ottimizza la gestione dell’energia rigenerata dalla tua applicazione 23 Mag 2024 | 11 CET La potenza rigenerata da un motore durante la fase di decelerazione può essere dannosa per il sistema motion. La gestione di questa energia, al fine di prevenire danni al sistema, può essere affrontata con vari approcci, tra cui l’utilizzo di una power supply rigenerativa, la gestione di una resistenza di scarica, o l’immagazzinamento della stessa in banchi di supercondesatori. Scopri come fare la scelta appropriata per la tua applicazione in questa sessione di formazione online. Registrati subito Esoscheletro Dalla promessa di maggiore libertà e mobilità per gli anziani al potenziamento delle prestazioni umane nelle applicazioni industriali, la domanda di esoscheletri è in significativo aumento. Ma emulare efficacemente il movimento umano e in modo sicuro, è una sfida. Scopri di più Esplora i prodotti Kollmorgen Presentazione del nuovo servoazionamento AKD2G aggiornato con protocolli di comunicazione a sincronizzazione temporale ampliata Il nuovo servoazionamento AKD2G è dotato di nuovi protocolli di comunicazione che facilitano l'integrazione con controllers di terze parti, offrendo al contempo prestazioni leader del settore. L'aggiornamento del servoazionamento AKD2G consente il motion sincronizzato tra più azionamenti utilizzando un'ampia gamma di architetture di controllo. Grazie alla sua flessibilità e alle sue elevate prestazioni, l'AKD2G è il servoazionamento ideale per le applicazioni che richiedono un coordinamento estremamente preciso su più assi di motion. Scopri tutti i vantaggi e i dettagli. Scopri di più Serie frameless TBM2G > Questi motori frameless di nuova generazione erogano un'elevata densità di coppia in un pacchetto elettromagnetico estremamente compatto e leggero, con dimensioni standard per ingranaggi armonici e progettazione scalabile per permetterti di stare sempre al passo con le esigenze di produzione a livello globale. Servoazionamento AKD® > La serie AKD® lavora con ottime prestazioni, supporta la più grande base installata dai clienti ed offre: Loop di controllo del motion leader nel settore Assistenza completa per retroazione del motore e bus di campo dell’azionamento, comprendente EtherCAT, EtherNet/IP, Profinet RT, ecc. Compatibilità plug and play con i motori Kollmorgen WorkBench GUI, apprezzato per l’esperienza utenti e l’utilizzabilità Motori lineari ad azionamento diretto  > Un motore lineare ad azionamento diretto (DDL) è di fatto un motore rotativo disposto in piano ed accoppiato direttamente al carico azionato, eliminando l'esigenza di viti a sfere/madreviti, cremagliere, cinghie/pulegge e riduttori. Servomotori serie AKM™ > I nostri migliori servomotori ad alte prestazioni offrono svariate opzioni di montaggio, connettività, retroazione e altro ancora. Sono disponibili oltre 500.000 modelli standard, insieme a varianti progettate in maniera condivisa per soddisfare praticamente tutti i requisiti a livello di applicazione. Esplora le soluzioni del settore Imaging medico > Robotica > Material Handling > Visualizza tutti 0 + centri globali di produzione e assistenza Oltre 1 milione prodotti standard 0 + anni di esperienza e competenza Sei pronto per iniziare a progettare? Offriamo una serie di strumenti online per il dimensionamento, la valutazione delle prestazioni e la selezione dei prodotti. Confronta prodotti Product Selectors Scarica disegni Modelli 3D Dimensionare un'applicazione Motioneering Genera curve di prestazione Performance Curve Generator per motori con alloggiamento (PCGH) Genera curve di prestazione Performance Curve Generator Tools Progetta un sistema passo-passo Stepper Optimizer Calcolo Safe Dynamic Braking AKD2G Safe Dynamic Braking Calculator Assistenza prodotti Kollmorgen e formazione Kollmorgen offre formazione, informazioni sui prodotti e assistenza tecnica online in diversi formati. Dai webinar ai manuali di prodotto, dal più recente firmware e software a una libreria online di articoli di assistenza e domande della nostra community. Siamo qui per supportarti durante l'intero progetto. Supporto per prodotto (Inglese) E-learning Community (Inglese) Download AGV Partner Portal Contattaci News da Kollmorgen Hai mai considerato un motore frameless?  > Quando la maggior parte degli ingegneri pensa a un servomotore CC brushless, è probabile che visualizzi un alloggiamento con una flangia per accogliere i bulloni di montaggio, connettori per accogliere i cavi di alimentazione e dati e un albero del… Ottimizza la gestione dell’energia rigenerata dalla tua applicazione  > 23 Mag 2024 | 11 CET La potenza rigenerata da un motore durante la fase di decelerazione può essere dannosa per il sistema motion. La gestione di questa energia, al fine di prevenire danni al sistema, può essere affrontata con vari approcci, tra cui l’utilizzo di una… Registrati subito Esoscheletri su larga scala: accelerare la transizione dalla ricerca e sviluppo alla produzione a pieno ritmo > The exoskeleton market is still in its infancy — but evolving quickly and ripe with opportunity. It’s a double-edged sword for OEMs who must identify the most impactful applications and crack the code on full-scale production, which presents a new… Kollmorgen amplia la versatilità di AKD2G con il lancio di nuovi protocolli di comunicazione sincronizzati  > Il nuovo servoazionamento AKD2G di Kollmorgen è dotato di nuovi protocolli di comunicazione che facilitano l'integrazione con controllori di terze parti, garantendo al contempo prestazioni leader nel settore. Il progresso della tecnologia degli esoscheletri: considerazioni chiave sul motion e sulla progettazione dei motori  > Quando si tratta di esoscheletri, la progettazione del motion e la scelta del motore sono fasi cruciali del processo di progettazione. In questa sede approfondiamo le considerazioni utili per garantire il successo. Maggiore comfort e mobilità sicura nella progettazione di un esoscheletro > Con l'evoluzione del mercato degli esoscheletri, come possono gli OEM progettare per ottenere livelli maggiori di comfort, mobilità e affidabilità? Leggi il blog per maggiori informazioni. Estendi la capacità delle macchine con gli azionamenti passo-passo programmabili  > Scopri il futuro degli azionamenti passo-passo. Unisciti a noi per scoprire soluzioni passo-passo, avanzate e programmabili via software, in questo nuovo webinar online. Guarda Ora Motion per i missili: Ottimizzazione delle prestazioni  > I sistemi missilistici continuano a evolversi per soddisfare esigenze specifiche: dai missili tattici guidati alle armi strategiche a più lungo raggio, ognuna delle quali è progettata per essere lanciata da una particolare piattaforma per raggiungere… Motion per missili: dalla rapida innovazione alla rapida produzione  > Con il rapido aumento della domanda di missili nei mercati di tutto il mondo e la ricerca di capacità ancora più innovative, gli ingegneri devono poter accedere in tempi brevi a sistemi di motion altamente specializzati, prodotti in quantità… Contattaci Prodotti Automazione Motori Azionamenti AGV Systems Accessori per servosistemi Riduttori Thomson Movimentazione Lineare Iscriviti per ricevere le nostre e-mail Nome Cognome Email © 2024 Kollmorgen. All rights reserved. Ricerca distributori | Informazioni sulla privacy | Site Disclaimer | Mappa del Sito

Progetta l'eccezionale | Kollmorgen Powered by Cookiebot Consent Details [#IABV2SETTINGS#] About We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience By clicking the Accept button, you agree to us doing so. View Privacy Policy Consent Selection Necessary Preferences Statistics Marketing Show details Necessary 13 Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Cookiebot 2 Learn more about this provider 1.gif Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Google 1 Learn more about this provider test_cookie Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP bscookie This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP kollmorgen.com 1 __cf_bm This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP lpsnmedia.net www.kollmorgen.com 2 LPSecureStorage#lpSS [x2] Preserves the visitor's session state across page requests. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB va.v.liveperson.net 1 LPSessionID Preserves the visitor's session state across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP www.kollmorgen.com 1 SSESS# Pending Expiry : 23 days Type : HTTP www.recaptcha.net 2 rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML Preferences 4 Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP lpcdn.lpsnmedia.net lptag.liveperson.net 2 lpTestCookie# [x2] Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP lptag.liveperson.net 1 lpTabId Used by LivePerson real time messaging platform to identify the active message tab. Expiry : Session Type : HTML Statistics 18 Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Amazon 1 Learn more about this provider vlmref This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Google 1 Learn more about this provider td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Hotjar 5 Learn more about this provider hjActiveViewportIds This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML hjViewportId Saves the user's screen size in order to adjust the size of images on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTML _hjSession_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _hjSessionUser_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _hjTLDTest Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider AnalyticsSyncHistory Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP Microsoft 5 Learn more about this provider c.gif Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _clsk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _cltk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTML CLID Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP analytics.vendemore.com d2hya7iqhf5w3h.cloudfront.net 2 vaid [x2] Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP lptag.liveperson.net 2 LPVID Used by LivePerson real time messaging platform to recognize the visitor on returning visits. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP lpLastVisit-# Used by LivePerson real time messaging platform to store the timestamp of the user's last visit. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML va.v.liveperson.net 1 LPVisitorID Used by LivePerson real time messaging platform to recognize the visitor on returning visits. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Marketing 46 Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Google 7 Learn more about this provider IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP pagead/landing Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel ads/ga-audiences Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider li_sugr Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP UserMatchHistory Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP li_adsId Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Microsoft 14 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML MR [x2] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP MSPTC This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP MUID [x2] Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP SRM_B Tracks the user’s interaction with the website’s search-bar-function. This data can be used to present the user with relevant products or services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP ANONCHK Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP SM Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device during return visits across websites that use the same ad network. The ID is used to allow targeted ads. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP YouTube 21 Learn more about this provider #-# Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTML iU5q-!O9@$ Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTML LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB nextId Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP requests Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Pending Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Pending Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP YSC Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML lpsnmedia.net 1 cobrowse-storage_expiration-13298558 Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTML Unclassified 16 Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Here 1 Learn more about this provider H_STATIC_DB#data Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB PartCommunity 1 Learn more about this provider PWEBSESSIONID Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP fe.sitedataprocessing.com 2 vv_session_id Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP vv_visitor_id Pending Expiry : 3 years Type : HTTP kollmorgen.com 1 wp# Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP lptag.liveperson.net 1 LPSID-13298558 Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP www.kollmorgen.com 10 koll_analytics_campaign Pending Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP koll_analytics_content Pending Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP koll_analytics_keyword Pending Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP koll_analytics_medium Pending Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP koll_analytics_referring_url Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP koll_analytics_source Pending Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP koll_curvegen_url Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML kollpas_saved3DInfo Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML kollpas_savedProject Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML kollpas_savedUrl Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Cross-domain consent [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] [#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#] List of domains your consent applies to: [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#] Cookie declaration last updated on 4/20/24 by Cookiebot [#IABV2_TITLE#] [#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages. You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website. Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy. Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent. Do not sell or share my personal information Deny Allow selection Customize Allow all Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics Salta al contenuto principale Lingua English Deutsch 简体中文 Italiano Türkçe Português, Brasil Français Top Navigation Download Contattaci Prodotti Soluzioni Strumenti di progettazione Resources Support Center Società Non sai se hai bisogno di un servo o di uno stepper? Leggi il nostro white paper Products Sub Menu Automazione Automation Platform Panoramica di Kollmorgen Automation Suite™ Software Hardware controller Dispositivi I/O AKT2G per KAS Soluzioni di sicurezza KSM Cavi di rete per KAS Servosistemi 2G Motion System Motori Servomotori Servomotore AKM2G La famiglia AKM Servomotori serie EKM Servomotori fuori produzione Azionamenti diretti Serie frameless TBM2G Cartridge DDR® Motori housed D e DH Servomotori Frameless Serie KBM Frameless serie TBM Servomotori Direct Drive RBE Motori lineari ad azionamento diretto Motori passo passo Serie PMX Serie POWERMAX M e P POWERPAC® serie K e N Serie ibride E e H CT Series Washdown Food Grade Servomotori AKMA AKM Washdown e per uso alimentare Motori brush DC Motori torque DC Bauer Gear Motor Motori Antideflagranti Serie EB ed EBH Goldline Serie EP antideflagrante Motori Passo Passo Serie MX per impeghi pericolosi Azionamenti Servoazionamenti Servoazionamento AKD2G Famiglia AKD MKD Multiaxis Servo Drive System Servoazionamento S700 Servoazionamento S300 Servizio Servoazionamenti Azionamenti passo-passo Azionamento passo-passo P8000 Azionamento passo-passo P5000 Azionamento passo-passo P6000 AGV Systems Accessori per servosistemi Accessori per servosistemi Riduttori DuraTRUE™ EverTRUE™ Sistema RediMount™ UltraTRUE™ ValueTRUE™ XTRUE™ Thomson Movimentazione Lineare Applications Sub Menu Settore aerospaziale e difesa Settore Agricolo Material Handling Industria alimentare Industria 4.0 Macchine utensili Sistemi di imaging Settore Medicale Formatura del metallo Petroilio e Gas Imballaggio e Converting Farmaceutico Smistamento posta e pacchi Stampa Robotica Safety2G Pneumatici e materie plastiche Confronta prodotti Product Selectors Scarica disegni Modelli 3D Dimensionare un'applicazione Motioneering Genera curve di prestazione Performance Curve Generator per motori con alloggiamento (PCGH) Genera curve di prestazione Performance Curve Generator Tools Progetta un sistema passo-passo Stepper Optimizer Calcolo Safe Dynamic Braking AKD2G Safe Dynamic Braking Calculator Trova l'assistenza di cui hai bisogno Support Home Support Sub Menu Supporto Prodotto Community Download Moduli RMA AGV Partner Portal Contattaci Download Hai mai considerato un motore frameless? Scopri di più Resources Sub Menu Blog in Motion Casi di successo Cataloghi E-learning Tecnologie dei prodotti Kollmorgen Video Gallery White Papers Engineer the Exceptional Altre informazioni About Us Sub Menu Comunicati Stampa Environmental, Social and Governance Commitments Eventi Informazioni Su Kollmorgen Opportunità di Lavoro in Kollmorgen Ricerca distributori Sedi nel mondo Storia Vision, Mission, Values Briciole di pane Home Progetta l'eccezionale Progetta l'eccezionale Chi Siamo Quando sono necessari sistemi di motion e automazione per le applicazioni e gli ambienti più difficili, affidati a Kollmorgen, leader dell'innovazione da oltre 100 anni. Forniamo i motori, gli azionamenti, gli attuatori lineari, le soluzioni di controllo AGV e le piattaforme di automazione più affidabili e dalle prestazioni più elevate del settore, con oltre un milione di prodotti standard facilmente customizzabili, per soddisfare qualsiasi sfida nell'ambito del motion. Offriamo impianti di produzione, distributori e competenza di progettazione in tutte le principali regioni del mondo, in modo da poter presentare più velocemente una macchina migliore sul mercato e mantenerla redditizia per i decenni a venire. Engineer the Exceptional Kollmorgen ti aiuta a progettare e fornire soluzioni migliori per un mondo migliore. Con Kollmorgen come partner per il motion e l'automazione, gli ingegneri come te possono risolvere problemi difficili e fare una differenza significativa, ad esempio: promuovendo la sicurezza industriale e aumentando le opportunità economiche creando robot e cobot più efficienti migliorando la diagnosi medica e i risultati dei trattamenti esplorando nuovi mondi, dagli oceani profondi allo spazio lontano Qualunque sia la tua missione, ti aiuteremo a creare macchine, veicoli e robot con un motion più efficiente e progettati con maggiore sicurezza. La tua visione creativa, realizzata dal motion di Kollmorgen, offre nuove eccezionali possibilità al mondo. Macchine e veicoli più efficienti Tu pensi in grande, ma anche i tuoi concorrenti lo fanno Ciò di cui hai bisogno è la capacità di motion e l'esperienza per portare le tue idee in primo piano. Scopri i vantaggi in termini di funzionalità e prestazioni che la tua macchina deve offrire per vincere nel tuo mercato di riferimento. Noi conosciamo il motion e sappiamo come aiutarti a raggiungere i tuoi obiettivi di potenza, coppia, precisione e adattamento. I nostri prodotti sono progettati e realizzati secondo i più elevati standard di affidabilità del settore. I nostri ingegneri si impegnano a comprendere appieno la tua applicazione e assicurarti di avere le soluzioni di motion ideali per la tua applicazione specifica. Con il nostro aiuto le tue idee possono diventare realtà. Scopri la differenza di Kollmorgen Prestazioni superiori Riteniamo che non dovresti mai adattare la tua macchina al sistema di motion disponibile. Infatti, noi progettiamo sistemi di motion adatti alla tua macchina. Offriamo un'ampia gamma di prodotti commerciali pronti all'uso, ma non è tutto. Puoi ottenere funzionalità personalizzate attraverso un'ampia gamma di modifiche standard, tra cui avvolgimenti speciali, opzioni di retroazione nei servosistemi, alternative di cablaggio, tenuta ambientale e molto altro ancora. Inoltre, rivalutiamo costantemente le esigenze in continua evoluzione dei nostri clienti per creare nuove innovazioni ottimizzate per attività specifiche, ingombri d'installazione e ambienti, sempre aderendo alla filosofia secondo cui i sistemi di motion devono essere affidabili a partire dalla progettazione. Ti aiuteremo a ottenere prestazioni rivoluzionarie. Scopri i successi di Kollmorgen Progettazione più affidabile Non siamo semplici fornitori di prodotti motion. Kollmorgen è un vero partner dedicato al tuo successo. Grazie al nostro approccio d'ingegneria collaborativa, ai tool di progettazione online e agli oltre 115 responsabili delle vendite e ingegneri in tutto il mondo, offriamo la certezza di ottenere la soluzione giusta e le prestazioni ottimali per la tua applicazione. Prototipizzazione rapida di progetti altamente modificabili per un ingresso sul mercato più rapido. Con quattro stabilimenti di produzione e centinaia di filiali di distribuzione in tutto il mondo, forniamo la portata e la reattività di cui hai bisogno per scalare rapidamente la produzione in base alle esigenze di ogni mercato e supportare la tua macchina durante l'intero ciclo di vita. Insieme, possiamo offrire al mondo nuove possibilità eccezionali. Parla con un esperto di motion Ambiente, sociale e governance La chiave della missione di Kollmorgen è la convinzione che i nostri sistemi di motion possano e debbano contribuire a costruire un mondo migliore. Lo stesso principio guida le nostre pratiche commerciali ogni giorno. I quattro pilastri della sostenibilità di Kollmorgen includono la fornitura di soluzioni attraverso l' innovazione , la protezione dell' ambiente , il raggiungimento del nostro pieno potenziale attraverso il lavoro di squadra e operando con integrità . Vi invitiamo a unirvi a noi nella progettazione e nella costruzione di un mondo migliore. SCOPRI DI PIÙ Fornitura, competenza e supporto in tutto il mondo. Con la nostra presenza globale di centri di produzione, progettazione, applicazione e assistenza, avete sempre accesso a forniture locali, competenze tecniche collaborative e supporto personalizzato che nessun altro partner può fornire. Trova una sede vicino a te Sistemi di motion e automazione Un motion semplicemente potente Il sistema di motion 2G di Kollmorgen offre coppia, reattività e controllo significativamente migliorati in un ingombro più compatto con facilità d'installazione e totale flessibilità di progettazione. Scopri di più Automazione semplicemente eccezionale La soluzione di controllo e navigazione modulare e scalabile di Kollmorgen semplifica il controllo preciso di AGV e robot mobili, consentendo al tuo team di progettazione di concentrarsi sulle funzionalità avanzate dell'applicazione. Scopri di più Competenza impareggiabile Offriamo servizi di ingegneria collaborativa, opportunità di apprendimento, strumenti di progettazione self-service, e accesso all'esperienza degli ingegneri Kollmorgen e dei tuoi peers del settore. Engineering support > Design tools > Kollmorgen Developer Network > Contattaci Prodotti Automazione Motori Azionamenti AGV Systems Accessori per servosistemi Riduttori Thomson Movimentazione Lineare Iscriviti per ricevere le nostre e-mail Nome Cognome Email © 2024 Kollmorgen. All rights reserved. Ricerca distributori | Informazioni sulla privacy | Site Disclaimer | Mappa del Sito

Prodotti e sistemi per Motion Control - Kollmorgen Powered by Cookiebot Consent Details [#IABV2SETTINGS#] About We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience By clicking the Accept button, you agree to us doing so. View Privacy Policy Consent Selection Necessary Preferences Statistics Marketing Show details Necessary 13 Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Cookiebot 2 Learn more about this provider 1.gif Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Google 1 Learn more about this provider test_cookie Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP bscookie This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP kollmorgen.com 1 __cf_bm This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP lpsnmedia.net www.kollmorgen.com 2 LPSecureStorage#lpSS [x2] Preserves the visitor's session state across page requests. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB va.v.liveperson.net 1 LPSessionID Preserves the visitor's session state across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP www.kollmorgen.com 1 SSESS# Pending Expiry : 23 days Type : HTTP www.recaptcha.net 2 rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML Preferences 4 Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP lpcdn.lpsnmedia.net lptag.liveperson.net 2 lpTestCookie# [x2] Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP lptag.liveperson.net 1 lpTabId Used by LivePerson real time messaging platform to identify the active message tab. Expiry : Session Type : HTML Statistics 18 Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Amazon 1 Learn more about this provider vlmref This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Google 1 Learn more about this provider td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Hotjar 5 Learn more about this provider hjActiveViewportIds This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML hjViewportId Saves the user's screen size in order to adjust the size of images on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTML _hjSession_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _hjSessionUser_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _hjTLDTest Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider AnalyticsSyncHistory Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP Microsoft 5 Learn more about this provider c.gif Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _clsk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _cltk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTML CLID Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP analytics.vendemore.com d2hya7iqhf5w3h.cloudfront.net 2 vaid [x2] Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP lptag.liveperson.net 2 LPVID Used by LivePerson real time messaging platform to recognize the visitor on returning visits. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP lpLastVisit-# Used by LivePerson real time messaging platform to store the timestamp of the user's last visit. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML va.v.liveperson.net 1 LPVisitorID Used by LivePerson real time messaging platform to recognize the visitor on returning visits. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Marketing 46 Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Google 7 Learn more about this provider IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP pagead/landing Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel ads/ga-audiences Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider li_sugr Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP UserMatchHistory Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP li_adsId Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Microsoft 14 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML MR [x2] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP MSPTC This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP MUID [x2] Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP SRM_B Tracks the user’s interaction with the website’s search-bar-function. This data can be used to present the user with relevant products or services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP ANONCHK Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP SM Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device during return visits across websites that use the same ad network. The ID is used to allow targeted ads. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP YouTube 21 Learn more about this provider #-# Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTML iU5q-!O9@$ Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTML LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB nextId Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP requests Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Pending Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Pending Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP YSC Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML lpsnmedia.net 1 cobrowse-storage_expiration-13298558 Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTML Unclassified 16 Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Here 1 Learn more about this provider H_STATIC_DB#data Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB PartCommunity 1 Learn more about this provider PWEBSESSIONID Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP fe.sitedataprocessing.com 2 vv_session_id Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP vv_visitor_id Pending Expiry : 3 years Type : HTTP kollmorgen.com 1 wp# Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP lptag.liveperson.net 1 LPSID-13298558 Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP www.kollmorgen.com 10 koll_analytics_campaign Pending Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP koll_analytics_content Pending Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP koll_analytics_keyword Pending Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP koll_analytics_medium Pending Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP koll_analytics_referring_url Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP koll_analytics_source Pending Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP koll_curvegen_url Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML kollpas_saved3DInfo Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML kollpas_savedProject Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML kollpas_savedUrl Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Cross-domain consent [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] [#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#] List of domains your consent applies to: [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#] Cookie declaration last updated on 4/20/24 by Cookiebot [#IABV2_TITLE#] [#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages. You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website. Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy. Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent. Do not sell or share my personal information Deny Allow selection Customize Allow all Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics Salta al contenuto principale Lingua English Deutsch 简体中文 Italiano Türkçe Português, Brasil Français Top Navigation Download Contattaci Prodotti Soluzioni Strumenti di progettazione Resources Support Center Società Non sai se hai bisogno di un servo o di uno stepper? Leggi il nostro white paper Products Sub Menu Automazione Automation Platform Panoramica di Kollmorgen Automation Suite™ Software Hardware controller Dispositivi I/O AKT2G per KAS Soluzioni di sicurezza KSM Cavi di rete per KAS Servosistemi 2G Motion System Motori Servomotori Servomotore AKM2G La famiglia AKM Servomotori serie EKM Servomotori fuori produzione Azionamenti diretti Serie frameless TBM2G Cartridge DDR® Motori housed D e DH Servomotori Frameless Serie KBM Frameless serie TBM Servomotori Direct Drive RBE Motori lineari ad azionamento diretto Motori passo passo Serie PMX Serie POWERMAX M e P POWERPAC® serie K e N Serie ibride E e H CT Series Washdown Food Grade Servomotori AKMA AKM Washdown e per uso alimentare Motori brush DC Motori torque DC Bauer Gear Motor Motori Antideflagranti Serie EB ed EBH Goldline Serie EP antideflagrante Motori Passo Passo Serie MX per impeghi pericolosi Azionamenti Servoazionamenti Servoazionamento AKD2G Famiglia AKD MKD Multiaxis Servo Drive System Servoazionamento S700 Servoazionamento S300 Servizio Servoazionamenti Azionamenti passo-passo Azionamento passo-passo P8000 Azionamento passo-passo P5000 Azionamento passo-passo P6000 AGV Systems Accessori per servosistemi Accessori per servosistemi Riduttori DuraTRUE™ EverTRUE™ Sistema RediMount™ UltraTRUE™ ValueTRUE™ XTRUE™ Thomson Movimentazione Lineare Applications Sub Menu Settore aerospaziale e difesa Settore Agricolo Material Handling Industria alimentare Industria 4.0 Macchine utensili Sistemi di imaging Settore Medicale Formatura del metallo Petroilio e Gas Imballaggio e Converting Farmaceutico Smistamento posta e pacchi Stampa Robotica Safety2G Pneumatici e materie plastiche Confronta prodotti Product Selectors Scarica disegni Modelli 3D Dimensionare un'applicazione Motioneering Genera curve di prestazione Performance Curve Generator per motori con alloggiamento (PCGH) Genera curve di prestazione Performance Curve Generator Tools Progetta un sistema passo-passo Stepper Optimizer Calcolo Safe Dynamic Braking AKD2G Safe Dynamic Braking Calculator Trova l'assistenza di cui hai bisogno Support Home Support Sub Menu Supporto Prodotto Community Download Moduli RMA AGV Partner Portal Contattaci Download Hai mai considerato un motore frameless? Scopri di più Resources Sub Menu Blog in Motion Casi di successo Cataloghi E-learning Tecnologie dei prodotti Kollmorgen Video Gallery White Papers Engineer the Exceptional Altre informazioni About Us Sub Menu Comunicati Stampa Environmental, Social and Governance Commitments Eventi Informazioni Su Kollmorgen Opportunità di Lavoro in Kollmorgen Ricerca distributori Sedi nel mondo Storia Vision, Mission, Values Briciole di pane Home Prodotti Prodotti Descrizione dei prodotti Motion System > Kollmorgen offre un'ampia scelta di piattaforme di automazione, progettate per integrare le nostre tecnologie di motion, adattandosi al meglio ai sistemi esistenti e allo stile di sviluppo che preferisci. Motori > La famiglia di motori a magneti permanenti prodotti da Kollmorgen offre una gamma estremamente ampia di dimensioni e modelli. Dai motori frameless a motori con albero/alloggiamento ad accelerazione elevata, Kollmorgen offre la gamma più completa di… Azionamenti > Kollmorgen offre una serie completa di azionamenti con tecnologia di controllo avanzata, prestazioni leader nel settore e semplice messa in funzione. AGV Systems > NDC8 è una piattaforma di controllo per i veicoli AGV completa, adattabile all'uso con tutti i veicoli di trasporto e facile da integrare negli host e nei sistemi di movimentazione già esistenti. Interfaccia molto semplice da utilizzare con possibilità di selezionare più lingue dal menu principale. Accessori per servosistemi > L'uso industriale di servoazionamenti sempre più veloci e tecnologicamente più complessi in tutte le aree di produzione di macchinari, impianti e apparecchiature richiede accessori di qualità elevata. Riduttori > Tutti i nostri riduttori includono ingranaggi planetari coassiali per un'elevata capacità di coppia, fluidità di funzionamento e requisiti di manutenzione minimi. Potrete contare su prestazioni ottimali in ogni caso, sia che vi occorra un riduttore… Prodotti fuori produzione > Questi prodotti sono fuori produzione. Contatta il tuo rappresentante Kollmorgen per un'adeguata sostituzione. Thomson Movimentazione Lineare > Da oltre 70 anni Thomson è pioniere e leader nei sistemi a circolazione di sfere oltre a essere indiscusso protagonista mondiale nella movimentazione lineare. Thomson è il brand a cui affidarsi per ottenere qualità, innovazione, consegna puntuale, costi controllati, rischi ridotti e assistenza per un supporto immediato. Progetta l'eccezionale Kollmorgen crede nel potere del motion e dell'automazione per creare un mondo migliore. Scopri di più Contattaci Prodotti Automazione Motori Azionamenti AGV Systems Accessori per servosistemi Riduttori Thomson Movimentazione Lineare Iscriviti per ricevere le nostre e-mail Nome Cognome Email © 2024 Kollmorgen. All rights reserved. Ricerca distributori | Informazioni sulla privacy | Site Disclaimer | Mappa del Sito

Contattaci | Kollmorgen Powered by Cookiebot Consent Details [#IABV2SETTINGS#] About We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience By clicking the Accept button, you agree to us doing so. View Privacy Policy Consent Selection Necessary Preferences Statistics Marketing Show details Necessary 13 Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Cookiebot 2 Learn more about this provider 1.gif Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Google 1 Learn more about this provider test_cookie Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP bscookie This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP kollmorgen.com 1 __cf_bm This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP lpsnmedia.net www.kollmorgen.com 2 LPSecureStorage#lpSS [x2] Preserves the visitor's session state across page requests. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB va.v.liveperson.net 1 LPSessionID Preserves the visitor's session state across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP www.kollmorgen.com 1 SSESS# Pending Expiry : 23 days Type : HTTP www.recaptcha.net 2 rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML Preferences 4 Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP lpcdn.lpsnmedia.net lptag.liveperson.net 2 lpTestCookie# [x2] Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP lptag.liveperson.net 1 lpTabId Used by LivePerson real time messaging platform to identify the active message tab. Expiry : Session Type : HTML Statistics 18 Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Amazon 1 Learn more about this provider vlmref This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Google 1 Learn more about this provider td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Hotjar 5 Learn more about this provider hjActiveViewportIds This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML hjViewportId Saves the user's screen size in order to adjust the size of images on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTML _hjSession_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _hjSessionUser_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _hjTLDTest Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider AnalyticsSyncHistory Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP Microsoft 5 Learn more about this provider c.gif Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _clsk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _cltk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTML CLID Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP analytics.vendemore.com d2hya7iqhf5w3h.cloudfront.net 2 vaid [x2] Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP lptag.liveperson.net 2 LPVID Used by LivePerson real time messaging platform to recognize the visitor on returning visits. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP lpLastVisit-# Used by LivePerson real time messaging platform to store the timestamp of the user's last visit. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML va.v.liveperson.net 1 LPVisitorID Used by LivePerson real time messaging platform to recognize the visitor on returning visits. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Marketing 46 Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Google 7 Learn more about this provider IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP pagead/landing Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel ads/ga-audiences Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider li_sugr Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP UserMatchHistory Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP li_adsId Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Microsoft 14 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML MR [x2] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP MSPTC This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP MUID [x2] Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP SRM_B Tracks the user’s interaction with the website’s search-bar-function. This data can be used to present the user with relevant products or services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP ANONCHK Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP SM Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device during return visits across websites that use the same ad network. The ID is used to allow targeted ads. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP YouTube 21 Learn more about this provider #-# Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTML iU5q-!O9@$ Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTML LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB nextId Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP requests Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Pending Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Pending Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP YSC Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML lpsnmedia.net 1 cobrowse-storage_expiration-13298558 Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTML Unclassified 16 Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Here 1 Learn more about this provider H_STATIC_DB#data Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB PartCommunity 1 Learn more about this provider PWEBSESSIONID Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP fe.sitedataprocessing.com 2 vv_session_id Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP vv_visitor_id Pending Expiry : 3 years Type : HTTP kollmorgen.com 1 wp# Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP lptag.liveperson.net 1 LPSID-13298558 Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP www.kollmorgen.com 10 koll_analytics_campaign Pending Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP koll_analytics_content Pending Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP koll_analytics_keyword Pending Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP koll_analytics_medium Pending Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP koll_analytics_referring_url Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP koll_analytics_source Pending Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP koll_curvegen_url Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML kollpas_saved3DInfo Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML kollpas_savedProject Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML kollpas_savedUrl Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Cross-domain consent [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] [#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#] List of domains your consent applies to: [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#] Cookie declaration last updated on 4/20/24 by Cookiebot [#IABV2_TITLE#] [#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages. You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website. Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy. Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent. Do not sell or share my personal information Deny Allow selection Customize Allow all Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics Salta al contenuto principale Lingua English Deutsch 简体中文 Italiano Türkçe Português, Brasil Français Top Navigation Download Contattaci Prodotti Soluzioni Strumenti di progettazione Resources Support Center Società Non sai se hai bisogno di un servo o di uno stepper? Leggi il nostro white paper Products Sub Menu Automazione Automation Platform Panoramica di Kollmorgen Automation Suite™ Software Hardware controller Dispositivi I/O AKT2G per KAS Soluzioni di sicurezza KSM Cavi di rete per KAS Servosistemi 2G Motion System Motori Servomotori Servomotore AKM2G La famiglia AKM Servomotori serie EKM Servomotori fuori produzione Azionamenti diretti Serie frameless TBM2G Cartridge DDR® Motori housed D e DH Servomotori Frameless Serie KBM Frameless serie TBM Servomotori Direct Drive RBE Motori lineari ad azionamento diretto Motori passo passo Serie PMX Serie POWERMAX M e P POWERPAC® serie K e N Serie ibride E e H CT Series Washdown Food Grade Servomotori AKMA AKM Washdown e per uso alimentare Motori brush DC Motori torque DC Bauer Gear Motor Motori Antideflagranti Serie EB ed EBH Goldline Serie EP antideflagrante Motori Passo Passo Serie MX per impeghi pericolosi Azionamenti Servoazionamenti Servoazionamento AKD2G Famiglia AKD MKD Multiaxis Servo Drive System Servoazionamento S700 Servoazionamento S300 Servizio Servoazionamenti Azionamenti passo-passo Azionamento passo-passo P8000 Azionamento passo-passo P5000 Azionamento passo-passo P6000 AGV Systems Accessori per servosistemi Accessori per servosistemi Riduttori DuraTRUE™ EverTRUE™ Sistema RediMount™ UltraTRUE™ ValueTRUE™ XTRUE™ Thomson Movimentazione Lineare Applications Sub Menu Settore aerospaziale e difesa Settore Agricolo Material Handling Industria alimentare Industria 4.0 Macchine utensili Sistemi di imaging Settore Medicale Formatura del metallo Petroilio e Gas Imballaggio e Converting Farmaceutico Smistamento posta e pacchi Stampa Robotica Safety2G Pneumatici e materie plastiche Confronta prodotti Product Selectors Scarica disegni Modelli 3D Dimensionare un'applicazione Motioneering Genera curve di prestazione Performance Curve Generator per motori con alloggiamento (PCGH) Genera curve di prestazione Performance Curve Generator Tools Progetta un sistema passo-passo Stepper Optimizer Calcolo Safe Dynamic Braking AKD2G Safe Dynamic Braking Calculator Trova l'assistenza di cui hai bisogno Support Home Support Sub Menu Supporto Prodotto Community Download Moduli RMA AGV Partner Portal Contattaci Download Hai mai considerato un motore frameless? Scopri di più Resources Sub Menu Blog in Motion Casi di successo Cataloghi E-learning Tecnologie dei prodotti Kollmorgen Video Gallery White Papers Engineer the Exceptional Altre informazioni About Us Sub Menu Comunicati Stampa Environmental, Social and Governance Commitments Eventi Informazioni Su Kollmorgen Opportunità di Lavoro in Kollmorgen Ricerca distributori Sedi nel mondo Storia Vision, Mission, Values Briciole di pane Home Support Center Contattaci Regione ..Select.. Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia & Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Central African Republic Chad Chile China Colombia Comoros Congo Congo (Zaire) Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire (Ivory Coast) Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Federated States of Micronesia Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, South Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Islands Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand The Gambia Togo Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Virgin Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Come Possiamo Aiutarti? - Scegliere - Informazioni su prezzi e consegne Supporto per selezione prodotti Domanda sui Veicoli a Guida Automatica Technical support with a Kollmorgen application Grazie per averci contattato! Per poter indirizzare al meglio la tua richiesta, ti preghiamo di indicare la nazione da cui ci contatti come possiamo supportarti. Hai visto la nostra Kollmorgen Developer Network per specifiche tecniche , FAQ e software di prodotto & documentazione ? Mettiamo a disposizione numerose risorse , tra cui una community dove i nostri clienti possono fare domande e ricevere risposte dai membri della community e dallo staff Kollmorgen . Hai visto il nostro Design Tools per selezionare i prodotti ? Disponiamo di strumenti per selezionare i prodotti , generare dati sulla performance e costruire modelli 3D/2D. Per i nostri partner , visitate il nostro Partner Portal per customer service o supporto tecnico Nome Cognome Società Email Telefono 您了解科尔摩根的渠道 - Nessuno - 百度搜索 线下展会及活动 科尔摩根推广邮件 其他渠道 State/Province - Scegliere - Alabama Alaska American Samoa Arizona Arkansas Armed Forces (Canada, Europe, Africa, or Middle East) Armed Forces Americas Armed Forces Pacific California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Federated States of Micronesia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Marshall Islands Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Islands Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Palau Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Newfoundland and Labrador Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia New Brunswick Quebec Ontario Manitoba Saskatchewan Alberta British Columbia Yukon Northwest Territories Nunavut CAP Descrivi la tua richiesta Sì, desidero ricevere informazioni sui prodotti, servizi e risorse di progettazione da Kollmorgen Lingua - Nessuno - Inglese Tedesco Italiano Turco Francese Chinese Politica sulla privacy - Inviandoci i tuoi dati personali accetti che vengano gestiti e archiviati elettronicamente. Se non desideri più ricevere la newsletter, potrai annullare l’iscrizione in qualsiasi momento. CAPTCHA Questa domanda è un test per verificare che tu sia un visitatore umano e per impedire inserimenti di spam automatici. Italia Italia Via per Cinisello 95/97 20834 Nova Milanese (MB) Italia Europa Europa Evropská 864 664 42 Modřice Brno Repubblica Ceca Germania Germania Pempelfurtstraße 1 40880 Ratingen Germania Turkey Turkey Huzur Mah. Fazıl Kaftanoğlu Cad.No: 9 Kat:5 TR 34396 Seyrantepe / ISTANBUL Turkey India India Plot No. A-33, Phase-IV, Chakan Industrial Area, MIDC, Nighoje, Tal-Khed, Pune, 410501 Maharashtra India USA, Canada e Messico USA, Canada e Messico 203A West Rock Road Radford, VA 24141 USA Mainland Cina Mainland Cina Room 302, Building 5, Lihpao Plaza, 88 Shenbin Road, Minhang District, Shanghai China Hong Kong, Taiwan & Southeast Asia Hong Kong, Taiwan & Southeast Asia ROOM 701,7/F, Tower 2, Silvercord 30 Canton Road Tsim Sha Tsui Hong Kong Giappone Giappone Shinagawa INTERCITY Tower B 7F, 2-15-2, Konan, Minato-ku, Tokyo Zip code:108-6107 Japan Corea Corea Bundang Inteligy1, 25-1 Jeongja-dong, Bundang-gu Seongnam-city, Kyunggi-do Zip Code: 463-847 Corea Brasile Brasile Avenida João Paulo Ablas, 2970 Jardim da Glória, Cotia – SP CEP 06711-250 Brazil Contattaci Prodotti Automazione Motori Azionamenti AGV Systems Accessori per servosistemi Riduttori Thomson Movimentazione Lineare © 2024 Kollmorgen. All rights reserved. Ricerca distributori | Informazioni sulla privacy | Site Disclaimer | Mappa del Sito

Motion Control Solutions | Kollmorgen | Industrial Servomotors Servo Drives AC DC Motors Powered by Cookiebot Consent Details [#IABV2SETTINGS#] About We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience By clicking the Accept button, you agree to us doing so. View Privacy Policy Consent Selection Necessary Preferences Statistics Marketing Show details Necessary 13 Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Cookiebot 2 Learn more about this provider 1.gif Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Google 1 Learn more about this provider test_cookie Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP bscookie This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP kollmorgen.com 1 __cf_bm This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP lpsnmedia.net www.kollmorgen.com 2 LPSecureStorage#lpSS [x2] Preserves the visitor's session state across page requests. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB va.v.liveperson.net 1 LPSessionID Preserves the visitor's session state across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP www.kollmorgen.com 1 SSESS# Pending Expiry : 23 days Type : HTTP www.recaptcha.net 2 rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML Preferences 4 Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP lpcdn.lpsnmedia.net lptag.liveperson.net 2 lpTestCookie# [x2] Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP lptag.liveperson.net 1 lpTabId Used by LivePerson real time messaging platform to identify the active message tab. Expiry : Session Type : HTML Statistics 18 Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Amazon 1 Learn more about this provider vlmref This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Google 1 Learn more about this provider td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Hotjar 5 Learn more about this provider hjActiveViewportIds This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML hjViewportId Saves the user's screen size in order to adjust the size of images on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTML _hjSession_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _hjSessionUser_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _hjTLDTest Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider AnalyticsSyncHistory Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP Microsoft 5 Learn more about this provider c.gif Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _clsk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _cltk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTML CLID Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP analytics.vendemore.com d2hya7iqhf5w3h.cloudfront.net 2 vaid [x2] Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP lptag.liveperson.net 2 LPVID Used by LivePerson real time messaging platform to recognize the visitor on returning visits. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP lpLastVisit-# Used by LivePerson real time messaging platform to store the timestamp of the user's last visit. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML va.v.liveperson.net 1 LPVisitorID Used by LivePerson real time messaging platform to recognize the visitor on returning visits. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Marketing 46 Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Google 7 Learn more about this provider IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP pagead/landing Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel ads/ga-audiences Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider li_sugr Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP UserMatchHistory Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP li_adsId Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Microsoft 14 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML MR [x2] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP MSPTC This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP MUID [x2] Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP SRM_B Tracks the user’s interaction with the website’s search-bar-function. This data can be used to present the user with relevant products or services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP ANONCHK Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP SM Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device during return visits across websites that use the same ad network. The ID is used to allow targeted ads. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP YouTube 21 Learn more about this provider #-# Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTML iU5q-!O9@$ Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTML LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB nextId Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP requests Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Pending Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Pending Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP YSC Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML lpsnmedia.net 1 cobrowse-storage_expiration-13298558 Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTML Unclassified 16 Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Here 1 Learn more about this provider H_STATIC_DB#data Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB PartCommunity 1 Learn more about this provider PWEBSESSIONID Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP fe.sitedataprocessing.com 2 vv_session_id Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP vv_visitor_id Pending Expiry : 3 years Type : HTTP kollmorgen.com 1 wp# Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP lptag.liveperson.net 1 LPSID-13298558 Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP www.kollmorgen.com 10 koll_analytics_campaign Pending Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP koll_analytics_content Pending Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP koll_analytics_keyword Pending Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP koll_analytics_medium Pending Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP koll_analytics_referring_url Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP koll_analytics_source Pending Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP koll_curvegen_url Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML kollpas_saved3DInfo Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML kollpas_savedProject Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML kollpas_savedUrl Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Cross-domain consent [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] [#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#] List of domains your consent applies to: [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#] Cookie declaration last updated on 4/20/24 by Cookiebot [#IABV2_TITLE#] [#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages. You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website. Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy. Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent. Do not sell or share my personal information Deny Allow selection Customize Allow all Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics Skip to main content Language English Deutsch 简体中文 Italiano Türkçe Português, Brasil Français Top Navigation Downloads Contact Us Products Applications Design Tools Resources Support About Us Don't know if you need a servo or stepper? Read our white paper Products Sub Menu Motion Systems Automation Platform Kollmorgen Automation Suite™ Overview Software Controller Hardware AKT2G I/O Devices for KAS KSM Safety Solutions KAS Network Cables Servo Systems 2G Motion System Motors Servo Motors AKM2G Servo Motor AKM Family Kollmorgen Goldline® Series Servo Motors EKM Series Servo Motors Serviced Motors Direct Drive Linear and Rotary Motors TBM2G Series Frameless Cartridge DDR® Housed D & DH KBM Series Frameless TBM Series Frameless RBE Series Frameless Direct Drive Linear Motors Stepper Motors PMX Series POWERMAX M and P series POWERPAC K and N Series E&H Hybrid Series High Torque CT Series Serviced Motors Washdown Food Grade Stainless Steel AKMH Series AKMA Servo Motor AKM Washdown and Food Grade STF Washdown Motor - Food Grade Brush DC Motors DC Torque Motors Permanent Magnet DC (PMDC) AC Synchronous Motors SN3/SN4 KS & SS Series Hazardous Duty Synchronous Motors Explosion Proof Goldline EB and EBH Series EP Series Explosion Proof MX Series Hazardous Duty Drives Servo Drives AKD2G Servo Drive AKD Family S700 S300 S200 Serviced Drives Stepper Drives P8000 Stepper Drive P5000 Stepper Drive P6000 Stepper Drive AGV Systems AGV Controls Solution Accessories Servo Cables Regen Resistors Accessories for Digital Motion Systems in Europe Gearheads DuraTRUE™ EverTRUE™ NemaTRUE™ PowerTRUE™ Technology RediMount™ System UltraTRUE™ ValueTRUE™ XTRUE™ Applications Sub Menu Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Automated Guided Vehicles Electric Vehicle Batteries (EVB) Food & Beverage Industry 4.0 Machine Tools Medical Imaging Medical and Laboratory Automation Metal Forming Oil & Gas Packaging & Converting Pharmaceutical Postal & Parcel Sorting Printing Robotics Safety Tire & Rubber Compare Products Product Selectors Download Drawings 3D Models Size an Application Motioneering Generate Performance Curves Housed Performance Curve Generator (PCGH) Generate Performance Curves Performance Curve Generator Tools Design a Stepper System Stepper Optimizer Calculate Safe Braking AKD2G Safe Dynamic Braking Calculator Find the support you need (Kollmorgen Developer Network) Support Home Support Sub Menu Support by Product Community Product Training AGV Partner Portal Classroom Training Contact Us Downloads Partners' Information Suppliers' Area Have You Considered a Frameless Motor? Read More Resources Sub Menu Blog in Motion Brochure & Catalogs Kollmorgen Product Technologies Success Stories Video Gallery Webinars White Papers Engineer the Exceptional Learn More About Us Sub Menu Careers at Kollmorgen Distributor Locator Engineer the Exceptional Environmental, Social and Governance Commitments History Kollmorgen Values & Culture Press Releases Tradeshows & Events Worldwide Locations Kollmorgen is Precision Motion Motors • Drives • Automation Platforms • Automated Guided Vehicle Controls Learn More Unlocking Design Possibilities with Frameless Motors 17 May 2024 | 11 a.m. ET ​​​Learn how frameless motors can optimize performance, minimize size, and ensure reliable operation in washdown, submersible, vacuum and other extreme environments.​​ Register Now Mastering Dynamic Motion: Revolutionizing Exoskeletons 22 May 2024 | 11 a.m. ET In the realm of robotics, exoskeletons stand at the forefront of innovation, promising transformative possibilities in mobility enhancement and industrial augmentation. As the demand surges across diverse sectors such as military and logistics, the rehabilitation sector for exoskeletons is especially primed for growth due to aging populations and increasing disabilities Register Now Explore Kollmorgen Products Introducing the newly updated AKD2G servo drive featuring expanded time-synchronized communication protocols The new AKD2G servo drive features new communication protocols that support easier integration with third-party controllers while delivering industry-leading performance. The AKD2G servo drive update allows for synchronized motion between multiple drives using a wide variety of control architectures. Thanks to its flexibility and high performance, AKD2G is the ideal drive for use in applications that require highly precise coordination across multiple axes of motion. Learn all the benefits and specifications. Learn More TBM2G Series Frameless > These next-generation frameless motors deliver high torque density for your most compact, lightest electromagnetic package, standard sizing for harmonic gearing, and scalable design to keep you on top of your global production needs. AKD Servo Drive > AKD® Series is a proven perfomer, supporting the largest customer installed base, and offers: Industry leading motion control loops Extensive motor feedback and drive fieldbus support including EtherCAT, EtherNet/IP, Profinet RT, etc. Plug-and-play with Kollmorgen motors WorkBench GUI, acclaimed for customer experience and usability Direct Drive Linear Motors > A Direct Drive Linear (DDL) motor is basically a rotary motor that is laid out flat and directly coupled to the driven load, eliminating the need for ball/lead screws, rack and pinions, belts/pulleys and gearboxes. AKM™ Series Servo Motor > Our best-in-class, high-performance servomotors offer a wide range of mounting, connectivity, feedback and other options. More than 500,000 standard models are available along with co-engineered modifications to suit almost any application requirement. Explore Industry Solutions Medical Imaging > Robotics > Automated Guided Vehicles > View all 0 + global manufacturing and support centers 1 Million+ standard products 0 + years of experience and expertise Are you ready to start designing? We offer a variety of online tools for sizing & selection, performance evaluation and product selection. Compare Products Product Selectors Download Drawings 3D Models Size an Application Motioneering Generate Performance Curves Housed Performance Curve Generator (PCGH) Generate Performance Curves Performance Curve Generator Tools Design a Stepper System Stepper Optimizer Calculate Safe Braking AKD2G Safe Dynamic Braking Calculator Kollmorgen Product Support & Education Kollmorgen offers training, product information and technical support online in a variety of formats. From webinars to product manuals and the latest software & firmware to an online library of support articles and questions from our community. We are here to support you through your entire project. Support Articles Training & Webinars Community Topics Product Documentation AGV Partner Portal Contact Us Latest From Kollmorgen Have You Considered a Frameless Motor?  > When most engineers think of a brushless DC servo motor, they’re likely to visualize a housing with a flange to accept mounting bolts, connectors to accept power and data cables, and a rotor shaft that couples to the load. That’s the most common… Announcement of Kollmorgen’s New General Manager > We are pleased to announce that Johan Lundblad has accepted the role as General Manager at Kollmorgen, Autonomous Mobile Solutions division, effective April 12, 2024. Unlocking Design Possibilities with Frameless Motors > 17 May 2024 | 11 a.m. ET ​​​Learn how frameless motors can optimize performance, minimize size, and ensure reliable operation in washdown, submersible, vacuum and other extreme environments.​​ Register Now Mastering Dynamic Motion: Revolutionizing Exoskeletons > 22 May 2024 | 11 a.m. ET In the realm of robotics, exoskeletons stand at the forefront of innovation, promising transformative possibilities in mobility enhancement and industrial augmentation. As the demand surges across diverse sectors such as military and logistics, the… Register Now Kollmorgen expands AKD2G versatility with launch of new synchronized communication protocols  > The updated Kollmorgen AKD2G servo drive features new communication protocols that support easier integration with third-party controllers while delivering industry-leading performance. Exoskeletons at Scale: Accelerating the Transition from R&D to Full-rate Production > The exoskeleton market is still in its infancy — but evolving quickly and ripe with opportunity. It’s a double-edged sword for OEMs who must identify the most impactful applications and crack the code on full-scale production, which presents a new… Advancing Exoskeleton Technology: Key Motion and Motor Design Considerations  > When it comes to exoskeletons, motion design and motor selection are make-or-break steps in the engineering process. Here we explore key considerations and insights for success. Greater Comfort & Safe Mobility in Exoskeleton Design > As the exoskeleton market evolves, how can OEMs design for greater comfort, mobility and reliability? Read the blog to learn more. Adjusting Standard Motion Profiles to Optimize Operating Speed and Time > Adjusting Standard Motion Profiles to Optimize Operating Speed and Time: Learn more about simple profile adjustments that can preserve motion, move time and provide memorable profiles.​​​​ Watch Now Contact Us Products Motion Systems Motors Drives AGV Systems Accessories Gearheads Sign Up For Our Emails First Name Last Name Email © 2024 Kollmorgen. All rights reserved. Distributor Locator | Supplier Info | Privacy Policy | Site Disclaimer | Sitemap

