Contact | OPIS Global Powered by Cookiebot Consent Details [#IABV2SETTINGS#] About This website uses cookies This website only uses necessary cookies to ensure proper functionality. For more information on how we use cookies, please see our Privacy Policy. Consent Selection Necessary Preferences Statistics Marketing Show details Necessary 8 Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Google 6 Learn more about this provider _GRECAPTCHA This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP _grecaptcha This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML rc::d-15# This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML inrecruiting.intervieweb.it 1 PHPSESSID Preserves user session state across page requests. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Preferences 0 Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. We do not use cookies of this type. Statistics 3 Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Google 2 Learn more about this provider _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP YouTube 1 Learn more about this provider yt-player-headers-readable Used to determine the optimal video quality based on the visitor's device and network settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Marketing 17 Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Google 1 Learn more about this provider rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML YouTube 16 Learn more about this provider LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML Unclassified 0 Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. We do not use cookies of this type. Cross-domain consent [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] [#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#] List of domains your consent applies to: [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#] Cookie declaration last updated on 4/24/24 by Cookiebot [#IABV2_TITLE#] [#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages. You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website. Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy. Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent. Do not sell or share my personal information Deny Allow selection Customize Allow all Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics Menu Request information About us Who we are Mission & Values Corporate & Governance Certifications Expertise Main Hematology CNS Ophthalmology Rare Diseases Cardiovascular Diseases Respiratory Diseases Advanced Therapy Medicinal Products Infectious Diseases Pediatrics Medical Devices Others Nutraceutis and FSMPs View others Solutions Study Management Regulatory Medical Affairs Safety Vigilance Quality Assurance Study Data Solutions Data Management Statistical Analysis and Consultancy Clinical.net Case Study Collaborations News Events OPIS Career Contact Contact Us Send us a message Contact us or call us to find out how we can help you. How can we help? Interested in OPIS career Request informations on OPIS services Request our Confidentiality Disclosure Agreement (CDA) Interested in becoming a clinical trial investigator Other APPLY NOW Please we informed that, when completing the above contact form, any personal information you choose to communicate may be processed by OPIS S.r.l. For more information about how your personal data are being processed and your rights as data subject, please consult our Privacy Policy OPIS srl Headquarters Via Matteotti 10 20832 Desio | Milan OPIS Switzerland Via Maggio 1 6900 | Lugano OPIS Spain Avenida de Bruselas 15 28108 Alcobendas | Madrid OPIS Germany Theatinerstr. 11 D-80333 | Munich OPIS France 18 Rue Pasquier 75008 | Paris OPIS United Kingdom 10 Foster Lane EC2V 6HH | London OPIS Belgium Rond Point Schuman 6 1040 | Brussels OPIS Netherlands B.V. Singel 250 1016AB | Amsterdam OPIS Sweden Östermalmstorg 1 114 42 | Stockholm OPIS Poland Grójecka 208 02-390 | Warsaw OPIS Hungary Kálmán Imre utca 1 1054 | Budapest OPIS Serbia Bulevar Mihaila Pupina 10/A 11070 | Belgrade OPIS USA 101 Federal Street 02110 | Boston (MA) OPIS Korea 343 Hakdong-ro Gangnam | Seoul OPIS Taiwan 155 Keelung Road 110 Xinyi District | Taipei OPIS Australia 680 George Street 2000 NSW | Sydney CONTACTS +39 0362 6331 office@opisresearch.com Via Matteotti, 10, 20832 Desio (MB) – Italy Locations NAVIGATION Who we are Mission & Values Expertise Services Collaborations Corporate & Governance News & Events Contact QUICK LINK Physician Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Legal Notes WORK WITH US Work with us Candidate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2020. All Rights Reserved. P.IVA / VAT IT12605350151 Call us

OPIS - Clinical CRO Powered by Cookiebot Consent Details [#IABV2SETTINGS#] About This website uses cookies This website only uses necessary cookies to ensure proper functionality. For more information on how we use cookies, please see our Privacy Policy. Consent Selection Necessary Preferences Statistics Marketing Show details Necessary 8 Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Google 6 Learn more about this provider _GRECAPTCHA This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP _grecaptcha This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML rc::d-15# This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML inrecruiting.intervieweb.it 1 PHPSESSID Preserves user session state across page requests. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Preferences 0 Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. We do not use cookies of this type. Statistics 3 Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Google 2 Learn more about this provider _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP YouTube 1 Learn more about this provider yt-player-headers-readable Used to determine the optimal video quality based on the visitor's device and network settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Marketing 17 Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Google 1 Learn more about this provider rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML YouTube 16 Learn more about this provider LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML Unclassified 0 Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. We do not use cookies of this type. Cross-domain consent [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] [#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#] List of domains your consent applies to: [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#] Cookie declaration last updated on 4/24/24 by Cookiebot [#IABV2_TITLE#] [#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages. You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website. Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy. Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent. Do not sell or share my personal information Deny Allow selection Customize Allow all Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics Menu Request information About us Who we are Mission & Values Corporate & Governance Certifications Expertise Main Hematology CNS Ophthalmology Rare Diseases Cardiovascular Diseases Respiratory Diseases Advanced Therapy Medicinal Products Infectious Diseases Pediatrics Medical Devices Others Nutraceutis and FSMPs View others Solutions Study Management Regulatory Medical Affairs Safety Vigilance Quality Assurance Study Data Solutions Data Management Statistical Analysis and Consultancy Clinical.net Case Study Collaborations News Events OPIS Career Contact Contact Us About OPIS P Expertise As data-driven and quality-focused clinical CRO , OPIS collaborates with numerous international Sponsors on multi-country interventional as well as non-interventional trials. OPIS teams have sound experience in a wide range of therapeutic areas , new-generation drugs, advanced therapeutic procedures and biologic treatment options. Medical and scientific expertise in combination with technological and operational know-how have earned OPIS established partnerships with numerous pharma and biotechnology and medical device clients. Oncology Hematology CNS Ophthalmology Rare Diseases Cardiovascular Diseases Respiratory Diseases Targeted / Immunotherapies Advanced Therapy Medicinal Products Infectious Diseases Pediatrics Medical Devices OPIS collaborates with expert consultants in the industry and a team of UNI EN ISO 14155 trained staff to assist clients through challenging clinical compliance issues. READ MORE Services OPIS provides full-service , 360° clinical trial support from study concept creation and protocol development to full project execution, study data handling and up to study closure, analysis and reporting. OPIS operates internationally with flexible business models and fully, ICH-GCP -trained operational staff . Our systems are ISO 9001:2015, ISO 27001:2014 and FDA 21 CFR Part 11 compliant. Study Management Over 21-years of experience in clinical trial management and monitoring by proficient and well-trained international clinical operational staff. Read more Regulatory An OPIS team of experts assist clients with regulatory aspects related to clinical studies submissions (Phase I-IV, observational), medical device and nutraceutical products authorization processes. Read more Pre-Clinical OPIS provides clients with sound scientific advice, medical and methodological considerations of the highest standards and assists clients to overcome regulatory and/or pharmacological obstacles. Read more Medical Affairs OPIS Medical Affairs Unit has been created with the aim of enhancing the medical-scientific oversight of research activities carried out across the Company. Read more Safety Vigilance OPIS offers a comprehensive and flexible suite of safety monitoring services such as pharmacovigilance, phytovigilance and Medical Device Vigilance and Surveillance, for drugs, nutraceuticals and medical devices. Read more Quality Assurance To ensure quality of performance and data OPIS has established a Quality Management System based on OPIS´ standard operating procedures (SOPs) and OPIS Policies. Read more Study Data Solutions Data Management & Biometry OPIS provides study data handling tools to guarantee scientifically sound study objectives. Read more Clinical.net More than just EDC. Fully customizable modular framework completely developed by OPIS. Read more News Visit this area to read our latest news and to find out how OPIS can assist you in your clinical drug development programmes. Previous Targeted and Immune-Based Therapies 16 February 2021 Targeted and immune-based therapies have already transformed the standard-of-care for several malignancies. One review article published on Clinical Cancer Research in 2016 highlights how immunotherapy strategies against cancer are emerging… Read more Artificial intelligence and its application in medicine 10 February 2021 Artificial Intelligence is a branch of computer science that deals with the programming and design of both hardware and software systems that enable machines to perform tasks that require skills… Read more World Cancer Day 4 February 2021 According to the last IARC World Cancer Report cancer is the first or second leading cause of premature death (i.e. at ages 30–69 years) in 134 of 183 countries, and… Read more Cellivery extends global clinical trials of Covid-19 immunotherapy drug ‘iCP-NI’ in India and Europe, signing a contract with OPIS CRO 31 May 2021 Recently, Cellivery Therapeutics Inc (268600) announced that it will expand the clinical development of Covid-19 immunotherapy drug iCP-NI to include India and Europe. Read more Quality Management System in OPIS 25 March 2021 To ensure quality of performance and data OPIS has established a Quality Management System based on OPIS´ standard operating procedures (SOPs), and OPIS Policies. OPIS adheres to ICH/GCP, international and… Read more Respiratory Diseases 16 March 2021 Chronic respiratory diseases (CRDs) are diseases of the airways and other structure of the lung and they are a leading cause of death and disability worldwide. Previous attempts to characterize… Read more A new Covid-19 vaccine trial started on the first of March at San Gerardo (Monza, Italy): it’s an Italian vaccine designed by Takis and developed in partnership with Rottapharm Biotech 10 March 2021 Takis and Rottapharm Biotech are assessing the safety and immunogenicity of a plasmid-DNA vaccine on healthy adults volunteers. OPIS is the CRO in charge of the operational aspects of the… Read more Orphan Drugs 3 March 2021 Rare diseases are diseases which affect a limited number of people. In Europe, a disease is considered rare when it affects no more than 5 of every 10,000 people in… Read more Pediatric Studies in OPIS 24 February 2021 The JAMA Pediatrics journal 2019 reports the increasing prevalence of pediatric chronic disease that has resulted in increased exposure to long-term drug therapy in children. The duration of recently completed… Read more Targeted and Immune-Based Therapies 16 February 2021 Targeted and immune-based therapies have already transformed the standard-of-care for several malignancies. One review article published on Clinical Cancer Research in 2016 highlights how immunotherapy strategies against cancer are emerging… Read more Artificial intelligence and its application in medicine 10 February 2021 Artificial Intelligence is a branch of computer science that deals with the programming and design of both hardware and software systems that enable machines to perform tasks that require skills… Read more World Cancer Day 4 February 2021 According to the last IARC World Cancer Report cancer is the first or second leading cause of premature death (i.e. at ages 30–69 years) in 134 of 183 countries, and… Read more Cellivery extends global clinical trials of Covid-19 immunotherapy drug ‘iCP-NI’ in India and Europe, signing a contract with OPIS CRO 31 May 2021 Recently, Cellivery Therapeutics Inc (268600) announced that it will expand the clinical development of Covid-19 immunotherapy drug iCP-NI to include India and Europe. Read more Quality Management System in OPIS 25 March 2021 To ensure quality of performance and data OPIS has established a Quality Management System based on OPIS´ standard operating procedures (SOPs), and OPIS Policies. OPIS adheres to ICH/GCP, international and… Read more Respiratory Diseases 16 March 2021 Chronic respiratory diseases (CRDs) are diseases of the airways and other structure of the lung and they are a leading cause of death and disability worldwide. Previous attempts to characterize… Read more A new Covid-19 vaccine trial started on the first of March at San Gerardo (Monza, Italy): it’s an Italian vaccine designed by Takis and developed in partnership with Rottapharm Biotech 10 March 2021 Takis and Rottapharm Biotech are assessing the safety and immunogenicity of a plasmid-DNA vaccine on healthy adults volunteers. OPIS is the CRO in charge of the operational aspects of the… Read more Orphan Drugs 3 March 2021 Rare diseases are diseases which affect a limited number of people. In Europe, a disease is considered rare when it affects no more than 5 of every 10,000 people in… Read more Pediatric Studies in OPIS 24 February 2021 The JAMA Pediatrics journal 2019 reports the increasing prevalence of pediatric chronic disease that has resulted in increased exposure to long-term drug therapy in children. The duration of recently completed… Read more Targeted and Immune-Based Therapies 16 February 2021 Targeted and immune-based therapies have already transformed the standard-of-care for several malignancies. One review article published on Clinical Cancer Research in 2016 highlights how immunotherapy strategies against cancer are emerging… Read more Artificial intelligence and its application in medicine 10 February 2021 Artificial Intelligence is a branch of computer science that deals with the programming and design of both hardware and software systems that enable machines to perform tasks that require skills… Read more World Cancer Day 4 February 2021 According to the last IARC World Cancer Report cancer is the first or second leading cause of premature death (i.e. at ages 30–69 years) in 134 of 183 countries, and… Read more Next READ MORE Case Study To see how OPIS delivers excellence clinical trials, please click here to find out some recent case studies. READ MORE Previous OPIS’ Clients "We would like to recognize the skill and hard work of each member of OPIS team who worked on this important clinical trial. Thank you for your support in providing site recruitment, initiation and management, timely subject enrollment, monitoring and project management." - Large Pharma Company - OPIS’ Clients "OPIS was the excellent choice to transition a critical project to a qualified team that delivered on their promises and obtained great results." - Mid-Size Pharma Company - OPIS’ Clients "The close collaboration with OPIS was instrumental to guarantee high methodological standards, fundamental requirements for any new clinical development and the international registration of new drugs." - Mid-Size Pharma Company - OPIS’ Clients "We would like to recognize the skill and hard work of each member of OPIS team who worked on this important clinical trial. Thank you for your support in providing site recruitment, initiation and management, timely subject enrollment, monitoring and project management." - Large Pharma Company - OPIS’ Clients "OPIS was the excellent choice to transition a critical project to a qualified team that delivered on their promises and obtained great results." - Mid-Size Pharma Company - OPIS’ Clients "The close collaboration with OPIS was instrumental to guarantee high methodological standards, fundamental requirements for any new clinical development and the international registration of new drugs." - Mid-Size Pharma Company - OPIS’ Clients "We would like to recognize the skill and hard work of each member of OPIS team who worked on this important clinical trial. Thank you for your support in providing site recruitment, initiation and management, timely subject enrollment, monitoring and project management." - Large Pharma Company - Next 1 2 3 Contact Us! Whether you are Sponsor, a Clinical Research Professional or an Investigator contact us to learn more about how we can help. Request Information CONTACTS +39 0362 6331 office@opisresearch.com Via Matteotti, 10, 20832 Desio (MB) – Italy Locations NAVIGATION Who we are Mission & Values Expertise Services Collaborations Corporate & Governance News & Events Contact QUICK LINK Physician Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Legal Notes WORK WITH US Work with us Candidate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2020. All Rights Reserved. P.IVA / VAT IT12605350151 Call us

OPIS | LinkedIn LinkedIn e terze parti utilizzano cookie essenziali e non essenziali per fornire, rendere sicuri, analizzare e migliorare i nostri servizi e per mostrarti annunci pertinenti (inclusi annunci professionali e offerte di lavoro ) su LinkedIn e altrove. Per saperne di più, consulta la nostra Informativa sui cookie . Seleziona “Accetta” per accettare o “Rifiuta” per rifiutare i cookie non essenziali per questo utilizzo. Puoi aggiornare le tue scelte in qualsiasi momento nelle impostazioni . Accetta Rifiuta Vai al contenuto principale LinkedIn Articoli Persone Learning Lavoro Iscriviti ora Accedi OPIS Servizi di ricerca Desio, Monza Brianza 62.971 follower A Science Driven Biotech Focused CRO Vedi offerte di lavoro Segui Visualizza tutti i dipendenti (292) Segnala azienda Chi siamo OPIS was founded in 1998 by medical doctors from the Pharma Industry and is a Global clinical CRO with 25 years of experience in a wide range of therapeutic areas. OPIS provides full-service, 360° clinical trial support from study concept creation and protocol development to full project execution, study data handling and up to study closure, analysis, and reporting. We manage Phase I-IV, interventional, non-interventional and medical devices studies on an international level. In addition, OPIS also manages pre- and post-marketing clinical investigations for medical and diagnostic devices, nutraceutical, and food supplement studies.

Our qualified, fully trained, and dedicated staff has managed more than 1470 studies.
OPIS’s strength lies in its people and its specialized teams who assist clients from A-Z with medical writing, scientific and statistical consultancy for trial design and skilled teams of operational staff that ensure high quality project execution, with global coverage.

Our mission is to increase the global development of safe and effective medical therapeutics through its high-science and disciplined operating approach that leverages local regulatory and deep therapeutic expertise across all major areas including oncology, cardiology, dermatology, endocrinology, gastroenterology, gene therapy, hematology, genetic diseases, hepatology, immunology, infectious diseases, musculoskeletal, dietary supplements, metabolism and nutrition disorders, nephrology, neurology, onco-hematology, ophthalmology, respiratory diseases, rare diseases, urogenital disorders and vaccines.

OPIS is committed to continuous growth and expansion, while currently we have affiliates in 18 countries around the world.

For more information, visit www.opisresearch.com
For Employment and Careers, visit www.opisresearch.com/opis-career/ Sito Web www.opisresearch.com Link esterno per OPIS Settore Servizi di ricerca Dimensioni dell’azienda 201-500 dipendenti Sede principale Desio, Monza Brianza Tipo Società privata non quotata Data di fondazione 1998 Settori di competenza Clinical Research, CRO, Clinical Development, Early phase trials, Post market studies, Observational research, Real world evidence studies, investigator initiated trials, medical device clinical investigations, nutraceutical studies, medical affairs and medical writing, Regulatory, Trials Start-Up, Data Management, Pharmacovigilance, Quality Assurance, e-Clinical Platform, Project Control, Statistical Analysis and Consultancy, Staudy Management and Monitoring, Preclinical and Drug Development Consultancy, Medical Monitoring, Medical Feasibility e Other Services Località Principale Via Matteotti, 10 Desio, Monza Brianza 20832, IT Ottieni indicazioni Avenida de Bruselas, 15 Alcobendas, Madrid 28108, ES Ottieni indicazioni 3rd Floor, 10 Foster Lane London, London  EC2V 6HH , GB Ottieni indicazioni Theatinerstr. 11 D München, München 80333 , DE Ottieni indicazioni Wisniowy Business Park, Building E Ul Ilzecka, 26 Warsaw, Warsaw 02-135 , PL Ottieni indicazioni Krejaren 2, Östermalmstorg 1 Stockholm, Stockholm  114 42 , SE Ottieni indicazioni Brussels EU Commission, Rond Point Schuman 6 Brussels, Brussels 1040 , BE Ottieni indicazioni 18 Rue Pasquier Paris,  Paris 75008, FR Ottieni indicazioni Via Maggio 1 Lugano, Canton Ticino 6900, CH Ottieni indicazioni Bulevar Mihajla Pupina 10 a 1st floor, 3rd vertical Belgrade, Novi Beograd 11070, RS Ottieni indicazioni Kálmán Imre utca 1 1 Budapest, 1054, HU Ottieni indicazioni 12F.-8, No. 155, Sec. 1, Keelung Rd., Xinyi Dist. 155 Taipei, 110058, TW Ottieni indicazioni 3-16-2 Ueno, Taito-ku Tokyo, Taito-ku 110-0005, JP Ottieni indicazioni 343, Hakdong-ro, Gangnam-gu 8th floor Seoul, Gangnam-gu 06000 ~ 06499, KR Ottieni indicazioni 680 George St, Syndey, NSW Sydney, New South Wales 2000, AU Ottieni indicazioni 101 Federal Street -  Boston Boston, Massachusetts 02110, US Ottieni indicazioni Singel 250 Amsterdam, North Holland 1016 AB, NL Ottieni indicazioni Mostra altre località Mostra meno località Dipendenti presso OPIS Katia Ammattatelli Giovanni Trolese Vice President at OPIS s.r.l. Chris Lancaster Business Development Director Lelio Lassandro IT Projects Coordinator at Opis Vedi tutti i dipendenti Aggiornamenti OPIS 62.971 follower 23 ore Segnala post Welcome to the First Day of BIO KOREA ! 

Join us at booth #G23 to connect with #OPIS specialists. 
Led by Vice President Giovanni Trolese , our experts, including Changsook Park , SangWoo Kwon , and Rio Park , are ready for insightful discussions and to exchange ideas on the latest global advancements in bio-health trends and technology. 

Explore our revolutionary solutions and stay ahead in the field! #BioKorea2024 #COEX #biokorea 15 Consiglia Commenta Condividi OPIS 62.971 follower 1 giorno Segnala post Ready to dive into the latest trends and innovations in cell and gene therapies? 

Connect with our directors Gary and Thomas at the #ASGCT Annual Meeting to explore the forefront of the industry and unlock new opportunities for partnership with #OPIS . 

Don't miss out – come join the conversation! #ASGCT2024 #GeneandCellTherapy American Society of Gene & Cell Therapy 23 Consiglia Commenta Condividi OPIS 62.971 follower 1 giorno Segnala post Greetings from #OCTEurope2024 If you are on-site, make sure to meet our experts Chanelle and Alessandro . They are excited to connect with you and explore the newest developments in clinical trials. Take advantage of this chance to interact with #OPIS . #OCTEurope #OCT #ClinicalTrials #Outsourcing 29 1 commento Consiglia Commenta Condividi OPIS 62.971 follower 2 giorni Modificato Segnala post Meet #OPIS at #OCTEurope2024 Chanelle and Alessandro look forward to diving deep into discussions about the latest trends and advancements in clinical trials.

Don't miss the chance to discover our groundbreaking services that are reshaping the healthcare industry. See you in Barcelona! #OCTEurope #ClinicalTrials #Outsourcing #OCT Outsourcing in Clinical Trials Event Series 29 Consiglia Commenta Condividi OPIS 62.971 follower 1 settimana Modificato Segnala post Connect with #OPIS at the BIO KOREA International Convention 2024. 
Visit our booth number #G23 , where you can meet our Vice President, Giovanni Trolese , and our team of experts: Changsook Park , SangWoo Kwon , and Rio Park . Discover our innovative approaches, explore exciting collaboration opportunities, and delve into our groundbreaking advancements in the clinical trial field. 

Don't miss this chance to connect and explore the future of healthcare with us. We look forward to seeing you there! #BioKorea2024 #COEX #biokorea 40 Consiglia Commenta Condividi OPIS 62.971 follower 1 settimana Segnala post OPIS is grateful for the opportunity to participate in the esteemed Asia Bio Partnering Forum 2024. Our team, Alan Syu and SHIHHUNG CHOU , engaged with leaders in biotech and pharma from across the globe, as well as emerging innovators in the Asia Pacific region, laying the groundwork for future collaborations.

A huge thanks to all who joined insightful discussions and connected with #OPIS . Until next time! #AsiaBio #AsiaBioSingapore 28 Consiglia Commenta Condividi OPIS 62.971 follower 2 settimane Segnala post Discover insightful perspectives from Gary Quashie as he delves into the complexities of clinical trial landscapes in the US and EU, offering valuable insights and comparisons. Gain a deeper understanding of the nuances shaping these crucial regions in this engaging interview. Gary is currently at the Clinical Outsourcing Group New England Meeting. If you are attending, don't miss the chance to meet him in person and engage in compelling discussions about #clinicaltrials 👉 https://lnkd.in/dJGuyAvk #OPISinterview #COGSeries #COGNewEngland #ClinicalOutsourcingGroupNewEngland #OPIS PBC Group - Organisers of the COG Series In Conversation with Gary Quashie, OPIS: Comparing Clinical Trial Landscapes in the US and Europe thepbcgroup.com 38 Consiglia Commenta Condividi OPIS 62.971 follower 2 settimane Segnala post Taking part in the Swiss Biotech Day in Basel was truly inspiring! 

Thank you all for the amazing conversations and insights we shared. We appreciate the opportunity to connect and collaborate with other industry enthusiasts. Until next time! #swissbiotechday #swissbiotechday2024 #ClinicalResearch #AdvancingHealthcareSolutions #CRO #OPIS 52 Consiglia Commenta Condividi OPIS 62.971 follower 2 settimane Modificato Segnala post Join us at the #SwissBiotechDay in #Basel ! 

Don't miss the opportunity to connect with our delegates, Magdalena and Thomas . Visit our booth number 11 to learn more about our cutting-edge solutions and how we are shaping the future of biotechnology. 

We look forward to connecting with fellow enthusiasts and exchanging knowledge at this prestigious event! Swiss Biotech Association #swissbiotechday2024 #SSBD2024 25 Consiglia Commenta Condividi OPIS 62.971 follower 3 settimane Segnala post The Clinical Trial Supply New England Conference has just ended. 
For #OPIS , it has been a valuable opportunity to connect with key figures in the industry, share knowledge, and demonstrate our dedication to improving clinical research and supply chain management. 

A heartfelt thank you to everyone who joined us for this exceptional event! Clinical Trial Supply Event Series #CTSNewEngland #ClinicalTrials 21 Consiglia Commenta Condividi Iscriviti ora per vedere cosa ti stai perdendo Trova persone che conosci presso OPIS Sfoglia le offerte di lavoro consigliate per te Visualizza tutti gli aggiornamenti, le notizie e gli articoli Iscriviti ora Pagine simili IQVIA Ospedali e strutture sanitarie Durham, North Carolina ICON plc Ricerca biotecnologica PPD Servizi di ricerca Wilmington, NC Parexel Fabbricazione di prodotti farmaceutici Durham, North Carolina Syneos Health Ricerca biotecnologica Morrisville, NC Worldwide Clinical Trials Servizi di ricerca Research Triangle Park, NC CROMSOURCE - A ClinChoice Company Fabbricazione di prodotti farmaceutici Verona, Italy Medpace Fabbricazione di prodotti farmaceutici Cincinnati, OH PSI CRO AG Fabbricazione di prodotti farmaceutici AstraZeneca Fabbricazione di prodotti farmaceutici Cambridge, Cambridgeshire Mostra altre pagine simili Mostra meno pagine simili Sfoglia le offerte di lavoro Offerte di lavoro per “Biologo” 160 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Analista” 1.150 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Project Manager” 4.790 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Farmacista” 762 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Medical Science Liaison” 74 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Direttore” 2.210 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegnere meccanico” 1.170 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Redattore” 47 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Risorse umane” 6.957 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Controllore” 14 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Copywriter” 461 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Medico” 1.502 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Chimico” 1.709 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Account manager” 4.155 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “User Experience Designer” 355 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Sviluppatore” 1.780 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Business Analyst” 1.482 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Marketing Manager” 2.935 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Consulente legale” 389 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Chimica” 1.641 offerte di lavoro aperte Mostra altre offerte di lavoro come questa Mostra meno offerte di lavoro come questa Altre ricerche Altre ricerche Offerte di lavoro per “Biologo” Offerte di lavoro per “Analista” Offerte di lavoro per “Medico” Offerte di lavoro per “Farmacista” Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegnere elettrico” Offerte di lavoro per “Direttore” Offerte di lavoro per “Avvocato” Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegnere” Offerte di lavoro per “Direttore finanziario” Offerte di lavoro per “Risorse umane” Offerte di lavoro per “Project Manager” Offerte di lavoro per “Chimico” Offerte di lavoro per “Copywriter” Offerte di lavoro per “Insegnante” Offerte di lavoro per “Medical Science Liaison” Offerte di lavoro per “Business Development” Offerte di lavoro per “Professore” Offerte di lavoro per “Geologo” Offerte di lavoro per “Consulente legale” Offerte di lavoro per “Assistente medico” Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegneria elettronica” Offerte di lavoro per “Program Manager” Offerte di lavoro per “Product Manager” Offerte di lavoro per “Project Management” Offerte di lavoro per “Acquisti” Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegnere ambientale” Offerte di lavoro per “Direttore operativo” Offerte di lavoro per “Programmatore CNC” Offerte di lavoro per “Social media manager” Offerte di lavoro per “Software Engineer” Offerte di lavoro per “Programmatore Cobol” Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegnere biomedico” Offerte di lavoro per “Architetto” Offerte di lavoro per “Junior project manager” Offerte di lavoro per “Redattore” Offerte di lavoro per “CFO” Offerte di lavoro per “Account manager” Offerte di lavoro per “Senior software engineer” Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegnere industriale” Offerte di lavoro per “Archivista” Offerte di lavoro per “Marketing” Offerte di lavoro per “Brand manager” Offerte di lavoro per “Sviluppatore” Offerte di lavoro per “Project Manager IT” Offerte di lavoro per “Responsabile di produzione” Offerte di lavoro per “Microbiologo” Offerte di lavoro per “Business Analyst” Offerte di lavoro per “Ufficio stampa” Offerte di lavoro per “Controllore” Offerte di lavoro per “Psicologo” Offerte di lavoro per “Finanza” Offerte di lavoro per “Osteopata” Offerte di lavoro per “Psicoterapeuta” Offerte di lavoro per “Traduttore” Offerte di lavoro per “Business intelligence” Offerte di lavoro per “Economista” LinkedIn © 2024 Informazioni Accessibilità Contratto di licenza Informativa sulla privacy Informativa sui cookie Informativa sul copyright Informativa sul brand Controlli ospite Linee guida della community العربية (Arabo) Čeština (Ceco) Dansk (Danese) Deutsch (Tedesco) English (Inglese) Español (Spagnolo) Français (Francese) हिंदी (Hindi) Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesiano) Italiano (Italiano) 日本語 (Giapponese) 한국어 (Coreano) Bahasa Malaysia (Malese) Nederlands (Olandese) Norsk (Norvegese) Polski (Polacco) Português (Portoghese) Română (Rumeno) Русский (Russo) Svenska (Svedese) ภาษาไทย (Tailandese) Tagalog (Tagalog) Türkçe (Turco) Українська (Ucraino) 简体中文 (Cinese (Semplificato)) 正體中文 (Cinese (Tradizionale)) Lingua Accetta e iscriviti a LinkedIn Cliccando su “Continua” per iscriverti o accedere, accetti il Contratto di licenza , l’ Informativa sulla privacy e l’ Informativa sui cookie di LinkedIn. Accedi per vedere chi già conosci OPIS Accedi Piacere di rivederti Email o telefono Password Mostra Hai dimenticato la password? Accedi oppure Cliccando su “Continua” per iscriverti o accedere, accetti il Contratto di licenza , l’ Informativa sulla privacy e l’ Informativa sui cookie di LinkedIn. Nuovo utente di LinkedIn? Iscriviti ora oppure Cliccando su “Continua” per iscriverti o accedere, accetti il Contratto di licenza , l’ Informativa sulla privacy e l’ Informativa sui cookie di LinkedIn. Nuovo utente di LinkedIn? Iscriviti ora

Who we are | OPIS Global Powered by Cookiebot Consent Details [#IABV2SETTINGS#] About This website uses cookies This website only uses necessary cookies to ensure proper functionality. For more information on how we use cookies, please see our Privacy Policy. Consent Selection Necessary Preferences Statistics Marketing Show details Necessary 8 Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Google 6 Learn more about this provider _GRECAPTCHA This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP _grecaptcha This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML rc::d-15# This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML inrecruiting.intervieweb.it 1 PHPSESSID Preserves user session state across page requests. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Preferences 0 Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. We do not use cookies of this type. Statistics 3 Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Google 2 Learn more about this provider _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP YouTube 1 Learn more about this provider yt-player-headers-readable Used to determine the optimal video quality based on the visitor's device and network settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Marketing 17 Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Google 1 Learn more about this provider rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML YouTube 16 Learn more about this provider LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML Unclassified 0 Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. We do not use cookies of this type. Cross-domain consent [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] [#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#] List of domains your consent applies to: [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#] Cookie declaration last updated on 4/24/24 by Cookiebot [#IABV2_TITLE#] [#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages. You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website. Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy. Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent. Do not sell or share my personal information Deny Allow selection Customize Allow all Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics Menu Request information About us Who we are Mission & Values Corporate & Governance Certifications Expertise Main Hematology CNS Ophthalmology Rare Diseases Cardiovascular Diseases Respiratory Diseases Advanced Therapy Medicinal Products Infectious Diseases Pediatrics Medical Devices Others Nutraceutis and FSMPs View others Solutions Study Management Regulatory Medical Affairs Safety Vigilance Quality Assurance Study Data Solutions Data Management Statistical Analysis and Consultancy Clinical.net Case Study Collaborations News Events OPIS Career Contact Contact Us Who We Are OPIS is a full-service Contract Research Organization (CRO) founded in 1998 in Italy, providing premium trial management for multi-country clinical trials, including state-of-the-art information technology solutions and innovative approaches to the increasing complexity and variety of current projects. OPIS extensive expertise can cover all phases of drug related trials, with no restrictions to therapeutic area as well as clinical investigations for medical and diagnostic devices, Investigator Initiated Trials (IITs), and compassionate use programs. OPIS also manage clinical investigations for medical nutraceutical/food supplement studies. With over 21 years of extensive experience in a wide range of therapeutic areas. With profound medical, scientific and technological know-how, full-service projects are executed in compliance with regulatory requirements, ICH-GCP E6 guidelines and with therapeutic-specific attention. Operational staff include medical writers, regulatory experts, project managers, monitors as well as data managers, biostatisticians, SAS programmers and system developers. The OPIS EDC solution Clinical.net is FDA 21 CFR Part 11 compliant and fully customizable to digitally manage all clinical trial data. CONTACTS +39 0362 6331 office@opisresearch.com Via Matteotti, 10, 20832 Desio (MB) – Italy Locations NAVIGATION Who we are Mission & Values Expertise Services Collaborations Corporate & Governance News & Events Contact QUICK LINK Physician Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Legal Notes WORK WITH US Work with us Candidate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2020. All Rights Reserved. P.IVA / VAT IT12605350151 Call us

Just a moment... ichgcp.net Verifying you are human. This may take a few seconds. ichgcp.net needs to review the security of your connection before proceeding. Verification successful Waiting for ichgcp.net to respond... Enable JavaScript and cookies to continue Ray ID: 8811d65aa9310e5a Performance & security by Cloudflare

