Pelbo spa Member of Moba Group | LinkedIn LinkedIn e terze parti utilizzano cookie essenziali e non essenziali per fornire, rendere sicuri, analizzare e migliorare i nostri servizi e per mostrarti annunci pertinenti (inclusi annunci professionali e offerte di lavoro ) su LinkedIn e altrove. Per saperne di più, consulta la nostra Informativa sui cookie . Seleziona “Accetta” per accettare o “Rifiuta” per rifiutare i cookie non essenziali per questo utilizzo. Puoi aggiornare le tue scelte in qualsiasi momento nelle impostazioni . Accetta Rifiuta Vai al contenuto principale LinkedIn Articoli Persone Learning Lavoro Iscriviti ora Accedi Pelbo spa Member of Moba Group Produzione di macchinari BRUGHERIO, MB 892 follower The Egg processing Specialist Segui Visualizza tutti i dipendenti (30) Segnala azienda Chi siamo Pelbo SpA is a global leading manufacturer of Egg Processing Equipment for the Industry of pasteurized liquid egg production. Founded in the early 80s Pelbo Spa has matured a solid experience in design and manufacturing of highly specialised equipment for pharmaceutical and food industry. HQ ,R&D and manufacturing for egg breaking and handling equipment are based in Italy, and R&D, manufacturing for further processing equipment in USA as well as a growing sales and service network to support customers based in all Continents. In 2016 Pelbo became member of MOBA Group. Pelbo main portfolio includes Egg Breaking / Separating systems with processing range from 900 to 225.360 eggs per hour, Egg Loaders, manual and automatic filtering systems, Egg Product Pasteurizers and system components, Egg washers, Egg Shell treatment and CIP cleaning systems, all as stand-alone components or integrated into Turn-Key projects. Pelbo supports the IEC - International Egg Commission – and UEA/UEP – United Egg Association - for the development of Egg Industry worldwide. For more information, please visit www.pelbo.it Sito Web http://WWW.PELBO.IT Link esterno per Pelbo spa Member of Moba Group Settore Produzione di macchinari Dimensioni dell’azienda 51-200 dipendenti Sede principale BRUGHERIO, MB Tipo Società privata non quotata Data di fondazione 1982 Località Principale VIA SANTA MARGHERITA, 133 BRUGHERIO, MB 20861, IT Ottieni indicazioni 46057 Five Mile Road Plymouth, MI 48170, MI 48170, US Ottieni indicazioni Dipendenti presso Pelbo spa Member of Moba Group Danilo Scabbia EMEA area manager presso Pelbo spa Riccardo Colombo Progettista - disegnatore tecnico presso Pelbo spa Roberto Fierli Senior Automation Leader presso Pelbo spa Giancarlo Calabrese Electrical Department Coordinator presso Pelbo SpA Member of Moba Group Vedi tutti i dipendenti Pagine simili Moba Group Produzione di macchinari PELBO S.P.A. Produzione di macchinari MILANO, Mi SANOVO TECHNOLOGY GROUP Fabbricazione di macchinari industriali 5220, Odense SØ MOBA Mobile Automation Fabbricazione di apparecchi elettrici, materiali elettrici e componenti elettronici Limburg, Lahn Ovoconcept Fabbricazione di macchinari di automazione OVORIDER Fabbricazione di macchinari industriali Dubai , U.A.E. SANOVO TECHNOLOGY PROCESS Fabbricazione di macchinari industriali Odense SØ, Syddanmark Carson Industrial Technologies Produzione di macchinari Busnago, Monza Brianza Recomer Fabbricazione di macchinari industriali Gela, CL Ovotrack BV Sviluppo di software Amerongen, Utrecht Mostra altre pagine simili Mostra meno pagine simili Sfoglia le offerte di lavoro Offerte di lavoro per “Sviluppatore” 1.780 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegnere” 2.794 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Progettista meccanico” 1.448 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegnere meccanico” 1.170 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Product Manager” 2.538 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Controllore” 14 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegnere idraulico” 32 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Project Manager” 4.790 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegneria meccanica” 2.068 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegnere industriale” 678 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegnere gestionale” 1.467 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegnere dei materiali” 560 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegnere civile” 554 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Amministratore delegato” 50 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegnere energetico” 901 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Direttore tecnico” 592 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegnere di processo” 668 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Responsabile di produzione” 1.811 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegnere navale” 20 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Software Engineer” 10.922 offerte di lavoro aperte Mostra altre offerte di lavoro come questa Mostra meno offerte di lavoro come questa Altre ricerche Altre ricerche Offerte di lavoro per “Direttore” Offerte di lavoro per “Progettista meccanico” Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegnere meccanico” Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegnere elettrico” LinkedIn © 2024 Informazioni Accessibilità Contratto di licenza Informativa sulla privacy Informativa sui cookie Informativa sul copyright Informativa sul brand Controlli ospite Linee guida della community العربية (Arabo) Čeština (Ceco) Dansk (Danese) Deutsch (Tedesco) English (Inglese) Español (Spagnolo) Français (Francese) हिंदी (Hindi) Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesiano) Italiano (Italiano) 日本語 (Giapponese) 한국어 (Coreano) Bahasa Malaysia (Malese) Nederlands (Olandese) Norsk (Norvegese) Polski (Polacco) Português (Portoghese) Română (Rumeno) Русский (Russo) Svenska (Svedese) ภาษาไทย (Tailandese) Tagalog (Tagalog) Türkçe (Turco) Українська (Ucraino) 简体中文 (Cinese (Semplificato)) 正體中文 (Cinese (Tradizionale)) Lingua Accetta e iscriviti a LinkedIn Cliccando su “Continua” per iscriverti o accedere, accetti il Contratto di licenza , l’ Informativa sulla privacy e l’ Informativa sui cookie di LinkedIn. Accedi per vedere chi già conosci Pelbo spa Member of Moba Group Accedi Piacere di rivederti Email o telefono Password Mostra Hai dimenticato la password? Accedi oppure Cliccando su “Continua” per iscriverti o accedere, accetti il Contratto di licenza , l’ Informativa sulla privacy e l’ Informativa sui cookie di LinkedIn. Continue with Google Continue with Google Nuovo utente di LinkedIn? Iscriviti ora oppure Cliccando su “Continua” per iscriverti o accedere, accetti il Contratto di licenza , l’ Informativa sulla privacy e l’ Informativa sui cookie di LinkedIn. Continue with Google Continue with Google Nuovo utente di LinkedIn? Iscriviti ora

Pelbo spa Member of Moba Group | LinkedIn LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads ) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy . Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings . Accept Reject Skip to main content LinkedIn Articles People Learning Jobs Join now Sign in Pelbo spa Member of Moba Group Machinery Manufacturing BRUGHERIO, MB 892 followers The Egg processing Specialist Follow View all 30 employees Report this company About us Pelbo SpA is a global leading manufacturer of Egg Processing Equipment for the Industry of pasteurized liquid egg production. Founded in the early 80s Pelbo Spa has matured a solid experience in design and manufacturing of highly specialised equipment for pharmaceutical and food industry. HQ ,R&D and manufacturing for egg breaking and handling equipment are based in Italy, and R&D, manufacturing for further processing equipment in USA as well as a growing sales and service network to support customers based in all Continents. In 2016 Pelbo became member of MOBA Group. Pelbo main portfolio includes Egg Breaking / Separating systems with processing range from 900 to 225.360 eggs per hour, Egg Loaders, manual and automatic filtering systems, Egg Product Pasteurizers and system components, Egg washers, Egg Shell treatment and CIP cleaning systems, all as stand-alone components or integrated into Turn-Key projects. Pelbo supports the IEC - International Egg Commission – and UEA/UEP – United Egg Association - for the development of Egg Industry worldwide. For more information, please visit www.pelbo.it Website http://WWW.PELBO.IT External link for Pelbo spa Member of Moba Group Industry Machinery Manufacturing Company size 51-200 employees Headquarters BRUGHERIO, MB Type Privately Held Founded 1982 Locations Primary VIA SANTA MARGHERITA, 133 BRUGHERIO, MB 20861, IT Get directions 46057 Five Mile Road Plymouth, MI 48170, MI 48170, US Get directions Employees at Pelbo spa Member of Moba Group Danilo Scabbia EMEA area manager presso Pelbo spa Riccardo Colombo Progettista - disegnatore tecnico presso Pelbo spa Roberto Fierli Senior Automation Leader presso Pelbo spa Giancarlo Calabrese Electrical Department Coordinator presso Pelbo SpA Member of Moba Group See all employees Similar pages Moba Group Machinery Manufacturing PELBO S.P.A. Machinery Manufacturing MILANO, Mi SANOVO TECHNOLOGY GROUP Industrial Machinery Manufacturing 5220, Odense SØ MOBA Mobile Automation Appliances, Electrical, and Electronics Manufacturing Limburg, Lahn Ovoconcept Automation Machinery Manufacturing OVORIDER Industrial Machinery Manufacturing Dubai , U.A.E. SANOVO TECHNOLOGY PROCESS Industrial Machinery Manufacturing Odense SØ, Syddanmark Carson Industrial Technologies Machinery Manufacturing Busnago, Monza Brianza Recomer Industrial Machinery Manufacturing Gela, CL Ovotrack BV Software Development Amerongen, Utrecht Show more similar pages Show fewer similar pages Browse jobs Magento Developer jobs 5,223 open jobs Quality Assurance Analyst jobs 49,922 open jobs Dotnet Developer jobs 32,229 open jobs Developer jobs 344,797 open jobs Engineer jobs 608,159 open jobs Plant Manager jobs 161,328 open jobs Head jobs 1,135,865 open jobs Service Manager jobs 380,044 open jobs Equipment Engineer jobs 85,589 open jobs Buyer jobs 48,744 open jobs Mechanical Designer jobs 48,883 open jobs Mechanical Engineer jobs 58,544 open jobs Detailer jobs 23,801 open jobs Intelligence Specialist jobs 7,238 open jobs Sales Manager jobs 348,591 open jobs Business Development Manager jobs 168,144 open jobs Designer jobs 81,042 open jobs Technician jobs 406,977 open jobs Product Manager jobs 258,695 open jobs Industrial Designer jobs 13,170 open jobs Show more jobs like this Show fewer jobs like this More searches More searches Plant Manager jobs Director jobs Manager jobs Maintenance Worker jobs Service Manager jobs Designer jobs Project Engineer jobs Sales Executive jobs Senior Financial Accountant jobs Mechanical Designer jobs Mechanical Engineer jobs Electrical Engineer jobs Design Engineer jobs Mechanical Technician jobs Senior Technical Services Engineer jobs Associate jobs Technical Supervisor jobs Technician jobs Software Engineer jobs Human Resources Specialist jobs LinkedIn © 2024 About Accessibility User Agreement Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Brand Policy Guest Controls Community Guidelines العربية (Arabic) Čeština (Czech) Dansk (Danish) Deutsch (German) English (English) Español (Spanish) Français (French) हिंदी (Hindi) Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian) Italiano (Italian) 日本語 (Japanese) 한국어 (Korean) Bahasa Malaysia (Malay) Nederlands (Dutch) Norsk (Norwegian) Polski (Polish) Português (Portuguese) Română (Romanian) Русский (Russian) Svenska (Swedish) ภาษาไทย (Thai) Tagalog (Tagalog) Türkçe (Turkish) Українська (Ukrainian) 简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified)) 正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional)) Language Agree & Join LinkedIn By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy . Sign in to see who you already know at Pelbo spa Member of Moba Group Sign in Welcome back Email or phone Password Show Forgot password? Sign in or By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy . New to LinkedIn? Join now or By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy . New to LinkedIn? Join now

L’azienda italiana Pelbo S.p.A., si affida alla tecnologia Lantek per ridurre gli errori e aumentare la produttività - Notizie Lantek Powered by Cookiebot Consent Details [#IABV2SETTINGS#] About This website uses cookies We inform you that this website, the owner of which is LANTEK SHEET METAL SOLUTIONS, S.L.U., uses its own and third-party cookies to ensure the correct operation of the website (for example, to manage the acceptance of the use of cookies), to analyze user behavior, web traffic and advertising or marketing cookies to show you customized advertisements. For more information about the cookies used on this website, click here . Consent Selection Necessary Preferences Statistics Marketing Show details Necessary 17 We use these types of cookies to manage, for example, the acceptance or consent given for the use of cookies according to your selection so that the banner isn't shown again each time that you access the website. Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Google 5 Learn more about this provider _GRECAPTCHA This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Hubspot 2 Learn more about this provider _cfuvid [x2] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP campaign.lantek.com campaign.lanteksms.com 2 __cfruid [x2] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP campaign.lantek.com campaign.lanteksms.com hsforms.com 5 __cf_bm [x5] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP www.lantek.com 2 csrf_cookie_name Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP PHPSESSID Preserves user session state across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Preferences 2 Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. Google 2 Learn more about this provider maps/gen_204 [x2] Used in context with the website's map integration. The cookie stores user interaction with the map in order to optimize its functionality. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Statistics 7 These types of cookies are used to anonymously collect data on user navigation, such as the number of visits, average time, tracking of page requests during the session, etc. We use Google Analytics and Issuu for this type of analysis but they will only be activated if you give your consent, which will allow us to improve our website as, otherwise, we will not have the information we need for this purpose. Google 3 Learn more about this provider _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Hubspot 4 Learn more about this provider __hssc Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP __hssrc Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP __hstc Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP hubspotutk Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP Marketing 30 These types of cookies are used to track visitors in order to show the user relevant and appealing advertisements therefore making them more valuable for publishers and third-party advertisers. Google 8 Learn more about this provider IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP pagead/landing Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP ads/ga-audiences Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel #,# Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML #,#_expiresAt Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP Hubspot 1 Learn more about this provider __ptq.gif Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel YouTube 21 Learn more about this provider #-# Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTML iU5q-!O9@$ Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTML LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB nextId Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP requests Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML Unclassified 1 Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. www.lantek.com 1 cisession Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Cross-domain consent [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] [#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#] List of domains your consent applies to: [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#] Cookie declaration last updated on 4/26/24 by Cookiebot [#IABV2_TITLE#] [#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] Cookies are small text files that are stored on the hard drive or in the memory of the computer that accesses or visits the pages of certain websites, so that the user's preferences can be recovered when they reconnect. Cookies stored on the user's hard drive cannot read the data contained in it, access personal information or read cookies created by other providers. This website uses different types of cookies, specifically essential cookies, analytical or statistical cookies, and advertising or marketing cookies. Your consent is not required for those from the first category, but it is for the others. For detailed information on our cookies policy, please see the following link: https://www.lantek.com/us/cookie-policy Do not sell or share my personal information Use necessary cookies only Allow selection Customize Allow all cookies Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics Azienda Lavora con noi Membri Italia Canada 中国 Deutschland España France 한국 México Polska United Arab Emirates United Kingdom USA Software ex. 2D CAD/CAM Nesting Cut Punch Quattro Duct f3. 3D CAD/CAM Nesting Tubes software CAD/CAM per il nesting e il taglio di travi e profilati CAD software importers 5x lm. Manufacturing Executions Systems Manager Wos Machine Data Capturing System Inventario in. Quotazione & ERP Quotes Vendite Acquisti an. Analytical Intelligence Manufacturing Analytics Customer Analytics Data & Platforms Integration Advanced Integrations Connettività dei sistemi Informazioni sui servizi Comunicazione Notizie Comunicato Stampa: Lantek Annuncia la Nuova Partnership Strategica con TECHNOLOGY Italiana Continua a leggere Access to all News > Blog SHEET HAPPENS VII: L’arte di domare le scorte di lamiera: Configurazione e buone pratiche Continua a leggere Access to Blog > Clienti Partner Rivenditori Costruttori di macchine utensili Sistemi di stoccaggio automatizzato Software di modellizzazione Contatto L’azienda italiana Pelbo S.p.A., si affida alla tecnologia Lantek per ridurre gli errori e aumentare la produttività per Lantek 2015.06. 1 Articoli Dedizione alle innovazioni tecniche e impegno totale verso i clienti. Questi i principi dell’azienda italiana Pelbo S.p.A., leader nella realizzazione di macchinari per l’industria alimentare degli ovo-prodotti, che si è affidata alla tecnologia Lantek al fine di ottenere un abbattimento degli errori di lavorazione a tutto vantaggio di una migliorata produttività ed efficienza, anche in termini di risparmio di tempo ed ottimizzazione delle risorse. Fondata all’inizio degli anni ‘80 da Giorgio Pellegrinelli , l’azienda è situata a Brugherio, nell’Italia settentrionale. Dopo numerosi anni di test e ricerca nel 1982 Pelbo S.p.A. registra il suo primo brevetto. Questo ha rappresentato una straordinaria rivoluzione e innovazione dell’industria degli ovo-prodotti, perché con la fabbricazione della prima sgusciatrice basata sul concetto delle file parallele con una capacità di 54.000 uova/h, la Pelbo S.p.A. surclassava, sia a livello di capacità, sia a livello di qualità di prodotto finale, tutte le macchine di quel periodo che si fermavano a una capacità di 36.000 uova/h. I vantaggi competitivi di Pelbo S.p.A. sono la ricerca di innovazioni e la dedizione verso i clienti: una tradizione lunga più di 25 anni che, con il continuo desiderio di migliorare i prodotti in risposta ai bisogni del mercato, fanno da base al loro odierno successo a livello Globale. I risultati ottimali nell’industria del processo degli ovo-prodotti non dipendono solo dai macchinari, ma anche dall’applicazione dell’esperienza e della conoscenza tecnologica nel food processing. Pelbo S.p.A. ha infatti al suo interno un centro ricerca che studia continuamente nuove possibilità e opportunità, con l’obiettivo di sviluppare processi di produzione sempre più efficienti. Alcuni anni fa Pelbo S.p.A. ha deciso di intraprendere una collaborazione con Lantek, attuale leader mondiale nello sviluppo e nella commercializzazione di soluzioni software per l’industria del metallo. Già in possesso del software Lantek Expert Cut Laser per la gestione del taglio laser, la Pelbo S.p.A. ha aggiornato ed implementato le nuove soluzioni proposte da Lantek per integrare il Cad 3d al CAM Lantek, attraverso i moduli Lantek Flex3d e Lantek Manager , in modo da ridurre notevolmente i tempi di realizzazione dei Nesting attraverso il passaggio diretto degli assiemi e degli sviluppi lamiera. La sfida che si presentava a Lantek era quella di garantire a Pelbo S.p.A. maggior efficienza e riduzione degli errori nella gestione del taglio laser e, grazie all’impegno congiunto delle due aziende, dopo un’attenta analisi e valutazione, Pelbo S.p.A. ha potuto migliorare e automatizzare il passaggio dal disegno 3D al taglio laser, con una riduzione dei tempi e dei costi notevole. Una volta completata la progettazione da parte dei tecnici Pelbo, infatti, l’assieme con i vari componenti lamiera viene trasferito direttamente dal Cad 3D al CAM Lantek che si occupa della generazione sviluppi lamiera e creazione dei vari componenti 2D necessari per i nesting, senza bisogno di importazione files DXF/DWG. All’interno del software Lantek Manager arriveranno quindi i vari particolari lamiera appartenenti ad assiemi/clienti diversi, già suddivisi per materiale e spessore, tutto a vantaggio dell’operatore che deve generare i nesting e ridurre al minimo gli scarti ottimizzando in automatico i vari formati e sfridi lamiera. “Il principale beneficio derivante dall’uso dei programmi Lantek – dichiara Marcello Manzutto, tecnico Pelbo che ha seguito tutto l’iter di aggiornamento e messa in funzione dei programma - è sicuramente la possibilità di avere i disegni sempre aggiornati grazie al completo processo automatizzato di invio al taglio dal disegno 3D di Inventor.” Il continuo desiderio di migliorare i prodotti, in risposta ai bisogni del mercato, porta l’azienda di Brugherio a cercare di ottimizzare ulteriormente, grazie anche alla fattiva collaborazione con Lantek, le varie problematiche che si presentano giornalmente nell’attività lavorativa, con l’obiettivo di ridurre sempre di più gli errori e aumentare la produttività dell’azienda. Informazioni su Lantek Lantek offre soluzioni software CAD/CAM/MES/ERP per le aziende che producono articoli in lamiera, tubi e travi con qualsiasi tecnologia di taglio (laser, plasma, ossitaglio , a getto d’acqua, cesoia) e foratura. Lantek rende possibile l’integrazione del miglior nesting per le aziende che tagliano la lamiera, con la più esigente gestione della produzione. La capacità di innovazione e la scommessa decisa verso l’internazionalizzazione hanno portato Lantek, fondata nel 1986 nei Paesi Baschi, a diventare un riferimento mondiale grazie alle sue soluzioni Lantek Expert per il taglio e la punzonatura della lamiera. Attualmente, l’azienda conta con più di 15.000 clienti in oltre 100 Paesi, uffici di proprietà ubicati in Spagna (Vitoria-Gasteiz), Stati Uniti, Germania, Argentina, Brasile, Italia, Regno Unito, Cina, Corea del Sud, Francia, Giappone, India, Polonia, Messico, Turchia e Repubblica Ceca e con una rete di distributori che estendono la sua esperienza in tutto il mondo. La sua attività commerciale internazionale nel 2014 ha apportato l’88% della suo fatturato. Per ulteriori informazioni visitare: www.lantek.com o richiedere maggiori informazioni: marketing@lanteksms.com Tags: notizie globali L’industria internazionale continua a sostenere Lantek, che quest’anno supera i 16.000 clienti < Anterior Lantek lancia la sua versione 2015 Siguiente > Contattaci Via L. Da Vinci, 6/8 12062 Roreto di Cherasco (CN)-Italia +39 0172 479208 sales@lantek.it , support@lantek.it NEWSLETTER Registrati per ricevere il nostro magazine: Iscriviti Seguici Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin Rss Link Contatto Nota legale Informativa sui cookies Informativa sulla privacy Mappa del sito

Detail Powered by Cookiebot Consent Details [#IABV2SETTINGS#] About This website uses cookies We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. Consent Selection Necessary Preferences Statistics Marketing Show details Necessary 8 Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider 1.gif Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP bscookie This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Sharethis 1 Learn more about this provider __sharethis_cookie_test__ This cookie determines whether the browser accepts cookies. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP moba.net 1 SESS# Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP moba.net www.moba.net 2 CookieConsent [x2] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Preferences 3 Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. Google 1 Learn more about this provider maps/gen_204 Used in context with the website's map integration. The cookie stores user interaction with the map in order to optimize its functionality. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP moba.net 1 preferences The cookie determines the preferred language and country-setting of the visitor - This allows the website to show content most relevant to that region and language. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP Statistics 6 Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Google 1 Learn more about this provider td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Hotjar 2 Learn more about this provider _hjSession_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _hjSessionUser_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Leadinfo 2 Learn more about this provider snowplowOutQueue_#_post2 Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML snowplowOutQueue_#_post2.expires Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider AnalyticsSyncHistory Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP Marketing 32 Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Google 6 Learn more about this provider ads/ga-audiences Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel collect Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _gat Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _gid Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Leadinfo 4 Learn more about this provider _li_id.# Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _li_id.#.expires Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _li_ses.# Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _li_ses.#.expires Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider li_sugr Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP UserMatchHistory Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP li_adsId Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML YouTube 19 Learn more about this provider #-# Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTML iU5q-!O9@$ Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTML LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Pending Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Pending Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP YSC Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML Unclassified 0 Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. We do not use cookies of this type. Cross-domain consent [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] [#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#] List of domains your consent applies to: [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#] Cookie declaration last updated on 4/11/24 by Cookiebot [#IABV2_TITLE#] [#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages. You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website. Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy. Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent. Do not sell or share my personal information Deny Allow selection Customize Allow all Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics Back to top be aware of phishing mails be aware of phishing mails + 31 342 455 655 Nederlands cn Deutsch español français 日本語 русский Company About Moba History Our projects Testimonials Products Grading Packing Processing iMOBA Media Library News News Events Press Our stories Jobs Service Support 24/7 Technical Portal FAQ Spare parts Customer Care Training Lifecycle Support SMS Contact Agents Offices Home News Moba – Pelbo cooperation Products Service FAQ Contact SUBSCRIBE Moba News "We will keep you informed" moba-pelbo cooperation For high-quality egg processing equipment In 1982 the family of Mr. Fabio Gualtieri founded Pelbo, an innovative manufacturer of equipment for the egg breaking and processing market. Moba joined forces with the Italian company in 2016 for a stronger hold on the egg processing market. In this interview, Fabio will tell more about the cooperation between Pelbo and Moba and his role as Sales Director and Product Manager for egg processing. It was no surprise when Fabio joined Pelbo back in 1999. His grandfather Giorgio Pellegrinelli, his uncle Gabriele Pellegrinelli and his mother Laura founded the company back in the day. “The company was a huge part of my childhood. I basically grew up with it. When I started at Pelbo, I first took on more technical roles and in 2005, I switched to Sales.” Once a customer chooses Moba/Pelbo, they have the assurance that, no matter what happens, we will do everything to meet the needs and expectations of the customer. Cooperation When Pelbo became part of the Moba Group in 2016, Fabio took on the role of Sales Director and Product Manager for egg processing. Fabio explains why Pelbo and Moba joined forces: “In Moba’s search for a stronger hold on the egg processing market, the company found in Pelbo the ideal partner. Moba was interested in us due to our long history and good reputation as the technology leader in egg breaking and processing equipment. I truly believe we are the perfect match. Both companies have customer satisfaction as the number one priority. Once a customer chooses Moba/Pelbo, they have the assurance that, no matter what happens, we will do everything to meet the needs and expectations of the customer.” As expected, the cooperation turned out to be beneficial for both parties. “Thanks to the cooperation with Pelbo, Moba’s portfolio immediately expanded to cover all the various needs, from egg breaking to egg pasteurisation systems. This created a perfect synergy for the Moba customer. They now can rely on a single source for project handling. All egg breaking and pasteurisation systems are now offered by Moba, and our worldwide customers can benefit from Moba’s Service network. For example, Pelbo’s spare parts are now stocked in all five warehouse locations of Moba subsidiaries.” The cooperation has been a huge success according to Fabio: “We are constantly growing with a two-figure growth rate. The biggest company challenge has been to support this fast development.” We believe in close personal contact with our customers. So we can truly understand their needs and can develop the most advanced solution that maximises their efficiency. Team effort “Our team is very committed to quality and innovation”, Fabio says proudly. Within the Moba-Pelbo team, there are 45 employees who work at the Italian factory. There are also three processing experts employed, who are now part of the Moba Sales and Service network and are globally located to be closer to the customers. “We believe in close personal contact with our customers. So we can truly understand their needs and can develop the most advanced solution that maximises their efficiency.” Fabio ensures that the cooperation with Moba’s headquarters and subsidiaries runs smoothly: “I have met a very motivated and enthusiastic team of colleagues worldwide. We maintain daily contact with Barneveld, and have a quarterly meeting with the Moba Management team in Brugherio.” “My personal challenge in the past few years has been to transfer the egg processing knowledge, gained in Pelbo’s 30 years history, to the Moba organisation. If done successfully, all the Moba colleagues located worldwide will have the knowledge they need to assist our customers with all of their egg processing needs. This will then confirm Moba, not only as a global leader in egg grading but also as a key supplier for all egg processing needs.” previous show all news next Contacts and service Our service makes all the difference! Spare parts Technical training Second hand  machine Offices Agents Company Products News Jobs Service SMS Contact Moba Group is the recognized leading manufacturer of egg grading, packing and processing machines. Our head office is located in Barneveld in the Netherlands. With development, manufacturing, sales and -most importantly- service at multiple locations, Moba aims to offer global solutions, while operating close to its customers. Stationsweg 117 Postbus 7 3770 AA Barneveld The Netherlands Phone : +31 342 455 655 Email: sales@moba.net Trade register: 09042296 Purchasing general T&C - Privacy Policy - All rights are reserved © 2024 MOBA I agree with the Moba I hereby consent to use my details to contact me by telephone and / or e-mail. I hereby consent to use my details to keep me informed of news and offers from MOBA. I hereby give permission that my data will be used to send this download. http://www.moba.net/page/en/Privacy-policy privacy policy This field is required Form is successfully sent. Thank you for subscribing for our news. Brochure has been downloaded. Form is successfully sent. Form is successfully sent. selected select days No courses available Please fill the data below to subscribe to a news I agree with the Moba privacy policy Back to top Created with Sketch. Share Tweet Email Share Share Share

Compound materie plastiche riciclate - granuli plastica | PEBO SpA Skip to content Contattaci! (+39) 0575 772458 | info@pebospa.com | linkedin Toggle Navigation Azienda IL TEAM PEBO Prodotti HDPE PER ESTRUSIONE HDPE PER SOFFIAGGIO – TUBI HDPE PER SOFFIAGGIO – FLACONI HDPE PER RIVESTIMENTO LDPE PER ESTRUSIONE COMPOUND ON DEMAND Laboratorio Download CERTIFICAZIONI CATALOGHI BILANCIO DI SOSTENIBILITA’ Diventa Fornitore News Contatti Sostenibilità Materie Plastiche Riciclate Compound Pebo PeboSpa 2024-02-26T23:44:25+01:00 POLYETHYLENE COMPOUND – Since 1987 – Lavorazione e produzione di compound in polietilene dal 1987 PEBO è l’azienda del gruppo System Group specializzata nella lavorazione e nella produzione di compound in polietilene di alta e bassa densità . Si propone sul mercato con prodotti realizzati con procedimenti tecnologici innovativi nel settore plastico. Dispone di una linea completa di produzione di compounds, partendo da materiale di base vergine o da sfridi industriali selezionati e destinati a processi di estrusione, iniezione e soffiaggio. Azienda Da oltre 25 anni Pebo è specializzata nella produzione di materie plastiche… vedi la sua storia, la mission e il ciclo produttivo scopri Prodotti Qui trovi tutte le informazioni e le schede tecniche  dei compound in polietilene prodotti da Pebo. scopri Laboratorio Vai dritto al cuore di Pebo e scopri tutti i test che vengono effettuati sui materiali scopri Richiedi una quotazione Lavorazione e produzione di compound riciclato in polietilene alta e bassa densità per estrusione e soffiaggio è possibile richiedere una quotazione per i materiali disponibili! Richiedi una quotazione PeboSpa 2024-02-26T22:52:16+01:00 L’innovazione delle macchine per la selezione ottica dei colori nella lavorazione della plastica PeboSpa 2024-02-26T22:52:16+01:00 Febbraio 20th, 2024 | La selezione ottica è un'innovazione fondamentale nell'industria della lavorazione della plastica, progettata per migliorare la purezza e l'efficienza del prodotto. Questa attrezzatura avanzata [...] PeboSpa 2024-02-26T22:47:55+01:00 Strategie per Incrementare le Percentuali di Riciclo della Plastica PeboSpa 2024-02-26T22:47:55+01:00 Febbraio 20th, 2024 | Recentemente, l'Unione Europea ha approvato un nuovo insieme di regolamenti volti ad aumentare il volume della plastica riciclata. Queste iniziative rappresentano un passo [...] PeboSpa 2024-02-26T22:40:22+01:00 PEBO S.P.A.: Un Passo Avanti Verso la Sostenibilità con la Certificazione EuCertPlast PeboSpa 2024-02-26T22:40:22+01:00 Febbraio 20th, 2024 | In un mondo dove la sostenibilità è diventata una priorità, le imprese che si impegnano a ridurre il proprio impatto ambientale meritano un [...] Contattaci! Richiesta informazioni prodotto Nominativo * Azienda * Telefono * Email * Richiesta * Informativa Privacy Campo obbligatorio * Dichiaro di aver letto l’informativa Privacy di questo sito Presto il consenso ad utilizzare i miei dati personali per aggiornamenti via email, posta, messaggi istantanei, chat o telefono su novità e offerte commerciali dei servizi e prodotti di PEBO S.p.a., o di terzi, ovvero per le altre iniziative di marketing indicate nell'informativa alla lettera C Presto il consenso a condividere i miei dati personali con le altre società del gruppo denominato “System Group” e con i partner per essere trattati a fini commerciali e di marketing CAPTCHA Phone Questo campo serve per la convalida e dovrebbe essere lasciato inalterato. Pebo S.p.A. Società soggetta a direzione e coordinamento da parte di HB Boscarini S.p.A. Località Piego – Frazione Monterone 52038 – SESTINO (AR) Phone: (+39) 0575 772458 Fax: (+39) 0575 772459 Email: info@pebospa.com Web: www.pebospa.com Lavora con noi Vorresti entrare a far parte del nostro mondo? Saremo lieti di ricevere la tua candidatura. Compila il Modulo Certificazioni Pebo rispetta la natura Pebo opera nel pieno rispetto e salvaguardia dell’ambiente! Richiedi Informazioni Diventa Fornitore Copyright 2019 Pebo S.p.A. | All Rights Reserved | C.F./P.IVA/Iscrizione Registro Imprese di Arezzo IT01233740511 Capitale Soc. € 400.000,00 i.v. Numero R.E.A. 92325 | Credit | Cookie Policy | Privacy Policy | Codice Etico | Whistleblowing Page load link Go to Top Notifiche × Informativa Noi e terze parti selezionate utilizziamo cookie o tecnologie simili per finalità tecniche e, con il tuo consenso, anche per le finalità di funzionalità, esperienza, misurazione e marketing (con annunci personalizzati) come specificato nella cookie policy . Per quanto riguarda la pubblicità, noi e 856 terze parti selezionate, potremmo utilizzare dati di geolocalizzazione precisi e l’identificazione attraverso la scansione del dispositivo , al fine di archiviare e/o accedere a informazioni su un dispositivo e trattare dati personali come i tuoi dati di utilizzo, per le seguenti finalità pubblicitarie : pubblicità e contenuti personalizzati, valutazione dei contenuti e dell’efficacia della pubblicità, ricerche sul pubblico, sviluppo di servizi. Puoi liberamente prestare, rifiutare o revocare il tuo consenso, in qualsiasi momento, accedendo al pannello delle preferenze. Se presti il tuo consenso, sarà valido solo su questo dominio. Il rifiuto del consenso può rendere non disponibili le relative funzioni. Usa il pulsante “Accetta” o chiudi questa informativa per acconsentire. Premi ancora per continuare 0/2 Scopri di più e personalizza Accetta

