Home | Rivolta Carmignani ITA ENG Wishlist Store Locator Contact Newsletter Manufacture Care guide Log in 1867 Atelier E-Boutique Shop by collection Shop All Collections Home Collections Hotel Collections Projects Inspirations Inspiration News 0 No products in the cart. 0 No products in the cart. ITA ENG E-Boutique Shop by collection Since 1867 Atelier Inspirations Collections Projects Manufacture Care guide Wishlist Contact us Newsletter Login top Rivolta Carmignani 1867 150 years of fine linens For 150 years Rivolta Carmignani has been producing fine linens in its historic Macherio headquarters, only a few kilometres from Milan. The quality of the fabrics along with exquisite tailoring have made the company an ambassador of premier Italian manufacturing at the most prestigious hotels and exclusive restaurants in the world. Today this talent and expertise have been extended to the home , offering the experience of an exclusive journey in everyday life; from a beautifully laid table to the intimacy of a welcoming bed. Bed Bed Table Bathroom RENEWED COMFORT Rivolta Carmignani is the only Italian manufacturer with a fully integrated process which begins with the selection of precious yarns through to the production of the most refined jacquard. The production process combines ancient and rare craftsmanship (cutting, hemming and hand embroidery) with the latest generation looms, ensuring amazingly durable high-quality linens and endless customization options. Its centuries-old archive of exquisite decoration and embroideries continues to be renewed with modern appeal, while maintaining its timeless elegance. Thanks to a sensitivity to fine yarns, new textured-effect horizons are explored, where comfort gains true sensorial and aesthetic values. enriching the sensorial comfort and aesthetic beauty of each piece. Discover more Decoro Sateen Imperiale Giardino Italiano Lounge Decoro Sateen Imperiale Giardino Italiano Lounge Our projects For more than 150 years, Rivolta Carmignani has been adorning the most prestigious hotels, spas, and restaurants in the world with its dedicated collections and tailor-made creations. Discover our most exclusive projects, supplied to some of the world’s most prestigious hotel brands in luxury hospitality. In the best hotel of the world Premium care of your product Much more than simply linens , Rivolta Carmignani products are family valuables which are preserved over generations and create a permanent bond between ourselves and our home . That is why it is important to take care of each linens item in the correct way, following some simple instructions to preserve quality and beauty and to guarantee maximum comfort and durability . Discover more Enter Our Atelier Exclusivity is the hallmark of our linens. The Rivolta Carmignani Style Centre offers a tailored service and can successfully develop any custom-made projects for hotels , restaurants, spa s but also private residences and luxury yachts . Enter our Atelier Be inspired by our Collections Discover our new home collections . Find inspiration to decorate your interiors with beautiful fabrics, textures, and colours. HOME COLLECTIONS E-Boutique Catalog Care guide Collections About Since 1867 Manufacture Inspirations Contact Atelier Outlet Contact Newsletter Rivolta Carmignani S.p.a. | P.IVA 00693160962 | Via Visconti Modrone 15, 20846 Macherio (MB) | Italy | Privacy and cookies policy x x x x × Notice We and selected third parties collect personal information and use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for functionality, experience, measurement and marketing (personalised ads) . You can freely give, deny, or withdraw your consent at any time by accessing the preferences panel. Denying consent may make related features unavailable. In case of sale of your personal information, you may opt out by using the link " Do Not Sell My Personal Information ". Use the “Accept” button to consent. Use the “Reject” button to continue without accepting. Press again to continue 0/1 Learn more and customise Reject Accept

Home | Rivolta Carmignani ITA ENG Wishlist Store Locator Contact Newsletter Manufacture Care guide Log in 1867 Atelier E-Boutique Shop by collection Shop All Collections Home Collections Hotel Collections Projects Inspirations Inspiration News 0 No products in the cart. 0 No products in the cart. ITA ENG E-Boutique Shop by collection Since 1867 Atelier Inspirations Collections Projects Manufacture Care guide Wishlist Contact us Newsletter Login top Rivolta Carmignani 1867 150 years of fine linens For 150 years Rivolta Carmignani has been producing fine linens in its historic Macherio headquarters, only a few kilometres from Milan. The quality of the fabrics along with exquisite tailoring have made the company an ambassador of premier Italian manufacturing at the most prestigious hotels and exclusive restaurants in the world. Today this talent and expertise have been extended to the home , offering the experience of an exclusive journey in everyday life; from a beautifully laid table to the intimacy of a welcoming bed. Bed Bed Table Bathroom RENEWED COMFORT Rivolta Carmignani is the only Italian manufacturer with a fully integrated process which begins with the selection of precious yarns through to the production of the most refined jacquard. The production process combines ancient and rare craftsmanship (cutting, hemming and hand embroidery) with the latest generation looms, ensuring amazingly durable high-quality linens and endless customization options. Its centuries-old archive of exquisite decoration and embroideries continues to be renewed with modern appeal, while maintaining its timeless elegance. Thanks to a sensitivity to fine yarns, new textured-effect horizons are explored, where comfort gains true sensorial and aesthetic values. enriching the sensorial comfort and aesthetic beauty of each piece. Discover more Decoro Sateen Imperiale Giardino Italiano Lounge Decoro Sateen Imperiale Giardino Italiano Lounge Our projects For more than 150 years, Rivolta Carmignani has been adorning the most prestigious hotels, spas, and restaurants in the world with its dedicated collections and tailor-made creations. Discover our most exclusive projects, supplied to some of the world’s most prestigious hotel brands in luxury hospitality. In the best hotel of the world Premium care of your product Much more than simply linens , Rivolta Carmignani products are family valuables which are preserved over generations and create a permanent bond between ourselves and our home . That is why it is important to take care of each linens item in the correct way, following some simple instructions to preserve quality and beauty and to guarantee maximum comfort and durability . Discover more Enter Our Atelier Exclusivity is the hallmark of our linens. The Rivolta Carmignani Style Centre offers a tailored service and can successfully develop any custom-made projects for hotels , restaurants, spa s but also private residences and luxury yachts . Enter our Atelier Be inspired by our Collections Discover our new home collections . Find inspiration to decorate your interiors with beautiful fabrics, textures, and colours. HOME COLLECTIONS E-Boutique Catalog Care guide Collections About Since 1867 Manufacture Inspirations Contact Atelier Outlet Contact Newsletter Rivolta Carmignani S.p.a. | P.IVA 00693160962 | Via Visconti Modrone 15, 20846 Macherio (MB) | Italy | Privacy and cookies policy x x x x × Notice We and selected third parties collect personal information and use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for functionality, experience, measurement and marketing (personalised ads) . You can freely give, deny, or withdraw your consent at any time by accessing the preferences panel. Denying consent may make related features unavailable. In case of sale of your personal information, you may opt out by using the link " Do Not Sell My Personal Information ". Use the “Accept” button to consent. Use the “Reject” button to continue without accepting. Press again to continue 0/1 Learn more and customise Reject Accept

Contact us | Rivolta Carmignani ITA ENG Wishlist Store Locator Contact Newsletter Manufacture Care guide Log in 1867 Atelier E-Boutique Shop by collection Shop All Collections Home Collections Hotel Collections Projects Inspirations Inspiration News 0 No products in the cart. 0 No products in the cart. ITA ENG E-Boutique Shop by collection Since 1867 Atelier Inspirations Collections Projects Manufacture Care guide Wishlist Contact us Newsletter Login top Contact us Are you looking for advice, inspiration, information? Do you have a special project? Our experts will be pleased to answer. RIVOLTA CARMIGNANI S.p.A. Via Visconti di Modrone, 15 20846 Macherio (MB) Italy tel. +39 039 2010 555 fax +39 039 2010 399 ITALY vendite@rivoltacarmignani.it USA sbray@dahlgrenduck.com ASIA export.asia@rivoltacarmignani.it OTHER COUNTRIES export@rivoltacarmignani.it CUSTOMER CARE eboutique@rivoltacarmignani.it E-Boutique Catalog Care guide Collections About Since 1867 Manufacture Inspirations Contact Atelier Outlet Contact Newsletter Rivolta Carmignani S.p.a. | P.IVA 00693160962 | Via Visconti Modrone 15, 20846 Macherio (MB) | Italy | Privacy and cookies policy × Notice We and selected third parties collect personal information and use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for functionality, experience, measurement and marketing (personalised ads) . You can freely give, deny, or withdraw your consent at any time by accessing the preferences panel. Denying consent may make related features unavailable. In case of sale of your personal information, you may opt out by using the link " Do Not Sell My Personal Information ". Use the “Accept” button to consent. Use the “Reject” button to continue without accepting. Press again to continue 0/1 Learn more and customise Reject Accept

Rivolta Carmignani | LinkedIn LinkedIn e terze parti utilizzano cookie essenziali e non essenziali per fornire, rendere sicuri, analizzare e migliorare i nostri servizi e per mostrarti annunci pertinenti (inclusi annunci professionali e offerte di lavoro ) su LinkedIn e altrove. Per saperne di più, consulta la nostra Informativa sui cookie . Seleziona “Accetta” per accettare o “Rifiuta” per rifiutare i cookie non essenziali per questo utilizzo. Puoi aggiornare le tue scelte in qualsiasi momento nelle impostazioni . Accetta Rifiuta Vai al contenuto principale LinkedIn Articoli Persone Learning Lavoro Iscriviti ora Accedi Rivolta Carmignani Industria manifatturiera MACHERIO, Italia/MB 681 follower Italian textile excellence, founded in 1867. Segui Visualizza tutti i dipendenti (52) Segnala azienda Chi siamo The fifth generation of the Rivolta family is still pursuing the work of the founder by continually renewing styles, textures and patterns while always remaining loyal to the founder’s motto: ‘In our work we trust’. 

The values underlying the success of Rivolta Carmignani can be summarised as follows: 
1- Brand Italy: Italian style, attention to the environment and society, the small business culture that has made Italy successful worldwide; 
2- Product offer: a vast product range, unique and century-old design capabilities, to meet our customers’ every demand in a unique and creative way; 
3- Solidity: 150 years of technical expertise and experience in 63 countries worldwide to guarantee the quality of our products and the reliability of a company that has always reinvested all its profits. Sito Web http://www.rivoltacarmignani.com Link esterno per Rivolta Carmignani Settore Industria manifatturiera Dimensioni dell’azienda 51-200 dipendenti Sede principale MACHERIO, Italia/MB Tipo Società quotata Data di fondazione 1867 Località Principale VIA VISCONTI 15 MACHERIO, Italia/MB 20846, IT Ottieni indicazioni Dipendenti presso Rivolta Carmignani Pier Paolo Piccoli Supply Chain Manager | Logistic Management | Pianificazione | Logistica | 3PL | Sourcing | Demand Planning | Lean manufacturing | S&OP | | Fashion &… Sandra Clark UK representative for Rivolta Carmignani Hotel Linens Aldo Rivolta Managing Director presso Rivolta Carmignani SP G.Luca Nozza --perito tessile Vedi tutti i dipendenti Aggiornamenti Rivolta Carmignani 681 follower 1 mese Segnala post Rivolta Carmignani presents the newness of its Home Collection at Salone del Mobile.Milano , from 16 to 21 April 2024.
Roses and magnolias, forest and field flowers are harmoniously reproduced on bed sheets, tablecloths and towels. 
We wait for you at Hall 13, Booth F02. #rivoltacarmignani #rivoltacarmignanihome #salonedelmobile #designweek Rivolta Carmignani at Salone del Mobile Milano 2024 https://www.rivoltacarmignani.com/en/ 22 Consiglia Commenta Condividi Rivolta Carmignani 681 follower 11 mesi Segnala post Rivolta Carmignani presents some of its most iconic Home Collections through a special and eye-catching installation that, from May 30th to June 12th 2023, will animate the windows of La Rinascente in Piazza Fiume in Rome. #rivoltacarmignani #newwindows #rinascente #rinascentepiazzafiume Rivolta Carmignani windows at La Rinascente in Piazza Fiume Rome rivoltacarmignani.com 18 Consiglia Commenta Condividi Rivolta Carmignani 681 follower 11 mesi Segnala post Rivolta Carmignani opens the first corner dedicated to its Home Collection in Thailand in collaboration with its business partner Italasia Group . #rivoltacarmignani #thailand #siamparagon Rivolta Carmignani arrives in Thailand | Rivolta Carmignani rivoltacarmignani.com 26 Consiglia Commenta Condividi Iscriviti ora per vedere cosa ti stai perdendo Trova persone che conosci presso Rivolta Carmignani Sfoglia le offerte di lavoro consigliate per te Visualizza tutti gli aggiornamenti, le notizie e gli articoli Iscriviti ora Pagine simili Bellora1883 Produzione tessile Fagnano Olona, Varese Frette Vendita al dettaglio di beni di lusso e gioielli Monza, MB Pratesi Linens Vendita al dettaglio di beni di lusso e gioielli Gabel - Industria Tessile Spa Produzione tessile Rovellasca, Como SFERRA Fine Linens Vendita al dettaglio di beni di lusso e gioielli Limonta | 1893 Produzione tessile Costa Masnaga, LC Matouk Beni di consumo Fall River, MA Loro Piana Vendita al dettaglio di beni di lusso e gioielli Milan, Lombardy Zucchigroup Produzione tessile Rescaldina, Lombardia Peacock Alley Produzione tessile Dallas, TX Mostra altre pagine simili Mostra meno pagine simili Sfoglia le offerte di lavoro Offerte di lavoro per “Business Analyst” 1.482 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Amministrazione del personale” 1.882 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Risorse umane” 6.957 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Controllore” 14 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Acquisti” 3.597 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Responsabile magazzino” 817 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Business Development” 6.198 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Account manager” 4.155 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegnere” 2.794 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Architetto” 935 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Social media manager” 767 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Export Manager” 2.003 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Odontoiatria” 121 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Project Manager” 4.790 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Junior project manager” 2.238 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Direttore operativo” 97 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Direttore” 2.210 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Analista” 1.150 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegnere di processo” 668 offerte di lavoro aperte Mostra altre offerte di lavoro come questa Mostra meno offerte di lavoro come questa Altre ricerche Altre ricerche Offerte di lavoro per “Acquisti” Offerte di lavoro per “Responsabile ufficio acquisti” Offerte di lavoro per “Risorse umane” Offerte di lavoro per “Project Manager” LinkedIn © 2024 Informazioni Accessibilità Contratto di licenza Informativa sulla privacy Informativa sui cookie Informativa sul copyright Informativa sul brand Controlli ospite Linee guida della community العربية (Arabo) Čeština (Ceco) Dansk (Danese) Deutsch (Tedesco) English (Inglese) Español (Spagnolo) Français (Francese) हिंदी (Hindi) Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesiano) Italiano (Italiano) 日本語 (Giapponese) 한국어 (Coreano) Bahasa Malaysia (Malese) Nederlands (Olandese) Norsk (Norvegese) Polski (Polacco) Português (Portoghese) Română (Rumeno) Русский (Russo) Svenska (Svedese) ภาษาไทย (Tailandese) Tagalog (Tagalog) Türkçe (Turco) Українська (Ucraino) 简体中文 (Cinese (Semplificato)) 正體中文 (Cinese (Tradizionale)) Lingua Accetta e iscriviti a LinkedIn Cliccando su “Continua” per iscriverti o accedere, accetti il Contratto di licenza , l’ Informativa sulla privacy e l’ Informativa sui cookie di LinkedIn. Accedi per vedere chi già conosci Rivolta Carmignani Accedi Piacere di rivederti Email o telefono Password Mostra Hai dimenticato la password? Accedi oppure Cliccando su “Continua” per iscriverti o accedere, accetti il Contratto di licenza , l’ Informativa sulla privacy e l’ Informativa sui cookie di LinkedIn. Nuovo utente di LinkedIn? Iscriviti ora oppure Cliccando su “Continua” per iscriverti o accedere, accetti il Contratto di licenza , l’ Informativa sulla privacy e l’ Informativa sui cookie di LinkedIn. Nuovo utente di LinkedIn? Iscriviti ora

Home Collections | Rivolta Carmignani ITA ENG Wishlist Store Locator Contact Newsletter Manufacture Care guide Log in 1867 Atelier E-Boutique Shop by collection Shop All Collections Home Collections Hotel Collections Projects Inspirations Inspiration News 0 No products in the cart. 0 No products in the cart. ITA ENG E-Boutique Shop by collection Since 1867 Atelier Inspirations Collections Projects Manufacture Care guide Wishlist Contact us Newsletter Login top Our Home Collections Rivolta Carmignani is a journey into the refined comfort of precious yarns and timeless adornments; an unrivalled hotel experience enjoyed within your home . The Home Collection was born from innate Italian style and international influence gained through centuries-old of experience into more than 90 countries worldwide. Discover our collections and bring new life to your home interiors. LAZY SILK The finest silk and a stonewashed finishing give life to Lazy Silk, the new frontier of contemporary luxury. A new version of silk meant for trend-oriented consumers that combine aesthetic pleasure with the functionality of the product. With Lazy Silk, it is possible to enjoy the pleasant touch of silk bedding and use them continuously thanks to ease of maintenance required. Discover the collection DECORO SATEEN New three-dimensional and original effects make pure cotton sateen Decoro Sateen bed linen unique. Thanks to ultimate techniques and unusual finishings, ancient embroideries take an aspect of great contemporaneity and charm. The past has been now reinterpreted thanks to technology and technical know-how of Rivolta Carmignani. Discover the collection EDERA A very classic embroidery gracefully comes back to life with new and unusual fabric thanks to Rivolta Carmignani. Edera collection is made of pure stone-washed hemp with applied borders in contrasting colour, where embroideries chase each other with innovative and contemporary effects thanks to the use of ultimate technologies. Discover the collection DOMINO Domino is a double face light quilt made in 300TC pure cotton sateen with a polyester filling. The soft and pleasant hand obtained thanks to the finest yarns and the exclusive finishing, the choice of contrasting colours and its pleasant warmth make this item versatile . Discover the collection COUTURE Inspired by punto selleria, originally used to hand-stitch saddles, Couture plaid expresses Rivolta Carmignani ability to produce with cutting-edge techniques the typical products of long ago. Thanks to its know-how, Rivolta Carmignani has designed an embroidery that expresses the taste of handmade of the most precious stitching. Couture is made of 100% merinos wool and features a light filling. Discover the collection SHANGRI-LA JACQUARD A sequence of Oriental patterns adorns the products of the elegant Shangri-La Jacquard collection. Lights effects created by the clever jacquard technique of Rivolta Carmignani enhance the essentiality of the motif and the agility of its movement. Precious pure cotton yarns (600 threads per square inch) create sophisticate sateen with a soft and silky hand . The Shangri-La Jacquard collection expresses class and elegance and is well adapted to refined contemporary bedrooms. Entirely manufactured in Italy, it is available in white color. Discover the collection TAILOR Contemporary elegance to furnish your bed. The Tailor plaid by Rivolta Carmignani is made of precious cashmere and merinos wool . Matching with its decorative cushion, Tailor adds elegance and warmth with its neutral tones. It is also a precious gift for the most importat occasion. Discover the collection DEFILE' The ancient tuscan handcraft technique, with which the linen wefts of the most precious trousseau were hand-drawn, inspired the design of Defilé plaid. It is realized with cutting-edge techlogies thanks to Rivolta Carmignani know-how. Defilé plaid is made of 90% merinos wools and 10% cashmere and is available in three colors: beige dune, grigio perla and azzurro ghiaccio. Discover the collection ECURIE D'ANGERS An exclusive collection inspired by the sophisticated and rich in history environment of the French stables of Angers. Characterized by a handmade sartorial stitching , Ecurie d’Angers collection expresses the perfect balance between classic and contemporary Discover the collection WALDORF The combination of highly-specialized technology and the late 19th century damasks , kept in the company’s archives and now revised in a contemporary way, is the essence of Waldorf collection. A refined and timeless product, where lighting and shadow effects created by the jacquard pattern enhance the brightness of the sateen (600 threads per square inch). The collection is entirely manufactured in Macherio factory. The highest quality of fabrics, the attention payed in manufacturing and the meticulous care of finishing make the items of this collection true must-haves for the must refined and demanding customers. Discover the collection RESORT Small jacquard patterns embroider the precious sateen of the Resort collection. Contemporaneity and elegance coexist in its essential design of Oriental inspiration. The precious long-staple cotton, the most advanced textile know-how and the care for details and finishings make Resort the perfect product for the most refined customers. The silky and embracing hand embellishes the beds of the most beautiful and prestigious houses. Resort is entirely manufactured in Italy. Discover the collection SUITE The top-quality fabrics and tailoring expertise of Rivolta Carmignani, Made-in-Italy ambassador at the most prestigious hotels in the world for more than 150 years, come to our homes thanks to Suite collection. A precious pure cotton sateen (300 threads per square inch) characterized by an essential embroidery . Suite bed linenes transform our homes into dream places, to let us rediscover the luxury of carefully crafted linen in the most intense moments of life, in the intimate pleasure of a welcoming bed. Discover the collection BRISTOL Printed on a precious pure cotton sateen (300 threads per square inch), the floral pattern of the Bristol collection perfectly expresses the mix between drawing and photographic effects, able to create a sense of depth. Inspired by Rivolta Carmignani historical archives, this refined pattern gives a unique and contemporary style to the bedroom. Available in three different nuances: Tropea pink, pearl grey and teak. Discover the collection ICON Answering a desire for refined elegance, the Icon collection is featured by the precious triple piping that runs along a super soft pure cotton sateen. The three iconic colors of Rivolta Carmignani, blue, sand and white, best express the new brand image. Available in a wide color palette, the collection gracefully dresses the bed adding a contemporary touch to the environment. Discover the collection RELAIS The top-quality fabrics and tailoring expertise of Rivolta Carmignani, Made-in-Italy ambassador at the most prestigious hotels in the world for more than 150 years, come to our homes thanks to Relais collection. A precious pure cotton sateen (300 threads per square inch) is adorned with a refined piping adding an elegant touch to the bedroom. Relais bed linens transform our homes into dream places, to let us rediscover the luxury of carefully crafted linen in the most intense moments of life, in the intimate pleasure of a welcoming bed. Discover the collection PLAZA Linen , a timeless classic and raw material par excellence, expresses a totally unexpected and innovative urban chic mood in the Plaza collection. The special stone-washed finishing guarantees the “shabby” look of the fabric, eliminating any stiffness and making it more flexible and softer. The resulting creases make this product a real contemporary design must-have. The cozy look of Plaza, particularly appreciated by young people for its practicality, best expresses its aesthetics without the need for ironing. Available in three color variants: white, beige and lead grey. Discover the collection CLASSIC The timeless elegance of the delicate hemstitch embroiders the pure linen items of Rivolta Carmignani Classic collection. The European linens, have been selected on the basis of high qualitative standard that guarantee a uniform yarn and final result of great elegance. The thread count of the long-staple linen allows to obtain a toned and resistant fabric, where the rare and typical slubs represent the high quality of the raw material. The freshness of Classic bed linens is the result of cutting-edge technologies. The sartorial tailoring and the care of details make Classic a true “must have”, entirely Made in Italy and suitable to the most refined bedrooms. Discover the collection PRESTIGE Prestige collection, in pure cotton sateen (600 threads per square inch), is a real immersion into the intimate pleasure of a welcoming bed. The accurate selection of the best Supima Egyptian Cotton, its long fiber, the double twist and the mercerization of yarn are the successful mix that guarantees the high quality sateen . A princely product embellished by the unique finishing . An embroidery of extreme essentiality, the refined hemstitch , enhances the silky handle, the softness and brightness of this beautiful bed linen of fine Italian quality . Discover the collection DELUXE Deluxe collection, made of pure cotton percale (250 threads per square inch), features the huge freshness and softness of the fabric and the excellence of raw material . Made of precious Supina Egyptian long-staple Cotton, the bed linens of Deluxe collection offer a luxury experience of good sleep. The accurate finishing eliminate every stiffness of the fabric and guarantee a result of huge uniqueness : a fresh hand, a unique softness and a “crispy” touch for luxury lovers. The refined piping is the touch of class of this Made in Italy masterpiece. Discover the collection LAZY PIQUET Lazy Piquet, Rivolta Carmignani iconic product, is the excellence of bedcovers in the world of bed linens. Made of precious pure cotton , Lazy Piquet features micro-patterns that thanks to the highest technologies acquire a three-dimensional effect . The rhombus motif , typical of the bedcover in the suites of the most prestigious hotels in the world, is a pattern that represents the history of Rivolta Carmignani and is realized in its Italian factory. The soft and fresh fabric, the stonewash finishing and the sartorial tailoring make Lazy Piquet a timeless product that kindly enter the most sophisticated bedrooms. Discover the collection KANAPA Hemp is the new trend of contemporary luxury, more and more oriented toward natural , ecofriendly and high quality products . The Kanapa collection is the result of Rivolta Carmignani’s continuous search for innovative solutions, aimed at meeting the needs of the most refined customers. The Kanapa collection provides a contemporary comfort and is available in two neutral tones, able to adapt to any environments: white and leather hide yellow. Discover the collection SHANGRI-LA Natural and balanced colors, embellished by rich in history and meaningful motifs of Oriental inspiration , are the essence of the Shangri-La collection. The embroidered decoration reinterprets an antique Japanese pattern and adds elegance and contemporaneity to the most refined rooms. The soft pure cotton sateen of the bed linen sets provides quiet and accompany you into a moment of rest in total relaxation, while the white terry towels, with embroidery in contrasting color, add exclusive elegance to your intimate moment of well-being. Discover the collection ROYAL Delicate nuances accompany the precious and refined embroidery along with a unique and exquisite pattern. A golden thread highlights the shape of the tailored-made motifs thanks to the experience and the clever use of technology. The Royal collection embodies the elegance of the timeless design and the classy touch that embellishes the most refined rooms. The elegant bed linen sets and the soft terry towels add a sense of well-being to all the moments of relaxation. Discover the collection LOUNGE Answering a desire for refined elegance, the Lounge collection is characterized by the precious ‘inverted’ Bourdon stitch embroidered border, a unique tailoring process created by Rivolta Carmignani. Made in solid colour and available in a wide colour palette , the collection wraps any living area or bedroom with extreme softness; from a sumptuous bed, dressed in pure, long-fibre cotton satin to the soft throw blankets and the of decorative velvet pillowcases. Discover the collection CRYSTAL SARTORIAL A precious, solid colour fabric with multicolour bourdon embroidery meets a delicate floral pattern in matching colours. The Crystal Sartorial collection brings a bold and contemporary style to any bedroom . The refined flower motif, available in a wide colour range , originates from the historical archives of Rivolta Carmignani, making each piece in the collection both exclusive and unique. The entire collection is crafted in supremely soft cotton satin. Discover the collection LIBERTY The precious and refined lace animates this pure white , romantically feminine collection. The Liberty collection brightens up any bedroom or bathroom with its super soft cotton satin bedlinen sets and its elegant towels. Delicate macramé inserts with naturalistic motifs give interiors a timeless and refined appeal. Discover the collection IMPERIALE The new Imperiale bath collection by Rivolta Carmignani expresses all the requirements of luxury and high-quality. 600gsm of pure cotton, great absorbency capacity and a special soft hand, this item has been designed for those who love a fluffy and absorbent terry. A jacquard border with an innovative design and trendy colour palette are the result of a careful selection to meet the needs of the most demanding customers. Discover the collection GIARDINO ITALIANO Precious linen threads intertwine creating elegant colour combinations that give new light to an ancient decoration of the Rivolta Carmignani historic archives . The ultimate jacquard technology and the high level of know-how have allowed to propose in a new way the tablecloths once manufactured for the most prestigious hotels in the world. In Giardino Italiano, the floral pattern runs along the perimeter of the tablecloth creating a refined visual effect along the drop. Discover the collection BOBOLI Fresh and refined colour combinations characterized Boboli jacquard pure linen table cloth by Rivolta Carmignani. The contrast and the overlap of two shades of thread create on the front and on the back of the tablecloth two different solid colours embellished with the game and the irregularity typical of linen. A contrasting border, obtained thanks to Rivolta Carmignani sartorial know-how, adds a classy touch to Boboli table linens. Discover the collection DECORO New three-dimensional and original effects in Decoro Collection made of pure linen . Thanks to ultimate techniques and unusual finishings, ancient embroideries take an aspect of great contemporaneity and charm. The past has been now reinterpreted thanks to technology and technical know-how of Rivolta Carmignani. Discover the collection VICTORIAN The elegant and ornamental damask decoration of the Victorian collection is a timeless icon of Rivolta Carmignani fabrics. The ‘Victorian’ motif hails from the company’s historical archive and has retained its originality, thanks to the accurate use of new weaving techniques. Discover the collection RINASCIMENTO Coming from Rivolta Carmignani historical archives , the refined jacquard pattern of Rinascimento tablecloth takes new shape thanks to the company know-how and cutting-edge technologies. The past presents itself to the future, tradition is proposed in a new way. The timeless refinement of Rivolta Carmignani welcomes your guests with finest tablecloths. Discover the collection SATEEN GOLD A refined golden piping runs along a precious pure cotton sateen . Sateen Gold table linen, ideal to dress up the table during the most special occasions, features the essential and elegant embroidery. Tablecloths in several sizes, including place mats and runners, and perfectly matching napkins. These items, available in white color, are entirely made in Italy . Discover the collection RIVOLTA CARMIGNANI PER CRACCO Rivolta Carmignani is pleased to present the first capsule collection in collaboration with Cracco . The collection is made up of two place mats and matching napkins. A refined sage green piping runs along a precious pure cotton fabric. The place mat is available is two different styles, with or without cutlery pocket with the embroidered Chef’s initial. A versatile place mats set that stands out for the minimalist and exquisite embroidery, suitable for everyday life and ideal to dress the table on all occasions. Discover the collection E-Boutique Catalog Care guide Collections About Since 1867 Manufacture Inspirations Contact Atelier Outlet Contact Newsletter Rivolta Carmignani S.p.a. | P.IVA 00693160962 | Via Visconti Modrone 15, 20846 Macherio (MB) | Italy | Privacy and cookies policy × Notice We and selected third parties collect personal information and use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for functionality, experience, measurement and marketing (personalised ads) . You can freely give, deny, or withdraw your consent at any time by accessing the preferences panel. Denying consent may make related features unavailable. In case of sale of your personal information, you may opt out by using the link " Do Not Sell My Personal Information ". Use the “Accept” button to consent. Use the “Reject” button to continue without accepting. Press again to continue 0/1 Learn more and customise Reject Accept

