Servotecnica Italia - Automazione e meccatronica Powered by Cookiebot Consent Details [#IABV2SETTINGS#] About This website uses cookies We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. Consent Selection Necessary Preferences Statistics Marketing Show details Necessary 20 Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Cookiebot 2 Learn more about this provider 1.gif Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Google 8 Learn more about this provider test_cookie Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _GRECAPTCHA This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP _grecaptcha This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML rc::d-15# This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP bscookie This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Zendesk 3 Learn more about this provider __zlcid This cookie is necessary for the chat-box function on the website to function. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP __cfruid This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP AWSALBCORS Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP it.servotecnica.com 1 wpEmojiSettingsSupports This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Session Type : HTML it.servotecnica.com static.zdassets.com 2 __zlcstore [x2] This cookie is necessary for the chat-box function on the website to function. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML sgtm.servotecnica.com 1 _set_cookie This cookie determines whether the browser accepts cookies. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Preferences 4 Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Zendesk 2 Learn more about this provider __zlcstore Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ZD-store Registers whether the self-service-assistant Zendesk Answer Bot has been displayed to the website user. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML it.servotecnica.com 1 wp-wpml_current_language Designates the country code that is calculated based on the user's IP address. Used to determine what language should be used for the visitor. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Statistics 8 Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Google 1 Learn more about this provider td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider AnalyticsSyncHistory Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP Zendesk 2 Learn more about this provider ZD-buid Unique id that identifies the user on recurring visits. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML ZD-suid Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML servotecnica.com 3 FPGSID Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP FPID Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP FPLC Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP sgtm.servotecnica.com 1 gtmBrowserId This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has visited the website before, or if it is a new visitor on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Marketing 30 Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Meta Platforms, Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP Google 3 Learn more about this provider pagead/landing [x2] Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel ads/ga-audiences Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider li_sugr Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP UserMatchHistory Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP li_adsId Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML YouTube 16 Learn more about this provider LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML Zendesk 2 Learn more about this provider __zlcmid Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP zte# Saves a Zopim Live Chat ID that recognises a device between visits during a chat session. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP sgtm.servotecnica.com 3 _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP Unclassified 0 Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. We do not use cookies of this type. Cross-domain consent [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] [#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#] List of domains your consent applies to: [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#] Cookie declaration last updated on 4/18/24 by Cookiebot [#IABV2_TITLE#] [#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages. You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website. Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy. Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent. Do not sell or share my personal information Deny Allow selection Customize Allow all Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics Ticketing Accedi Mercato:
					Italia Seleziona il tuo paese Altri mercati USA Germania info@servotecnica.com +39 0362 4921 info@servotecnica.com +39 0362 4921 Search for: Search Button Prodotti Servizi Progetti Blog Chi siamo Storia e valori Lavora con noi Team Contatti Ticketing Accedi Search for: Search Button Ricerche più frequenti Prodotti Servizi Progetti Blog Chi siamo Storia e valori Lavora con noi Team Contatti Vieni a trovarci all' SPS Italia 2024 Vieni a trovarci all'SPS Italia 2024 Unisciti a noi all’SPS Italia 2024 di Parma dal 28 al 30 maggio e scopri le ultime novità dell’automazione industriale. Ci trovi al PADIGLIONE 3, STAND D051. Nuovi encoder mini by FLUX Nuovi encoder mini by FLUX La serie di encoder induttivi compatti "IND-ROT" di FLUX comprende ora diametri ancora più piccoli (34 mm e 45 mm), aprendosi a un ampio range di applicazioni aggiuntive. Vai a FLUX Nuovi micromotori coreless 4 poli Nuovi micromotori coreless 4 poli Servotecnica incrementa la gamma dei micromotori coreless con i modelli 4 poli: SVTN A 04-2232 ed SVTN A 04-2250. Scarica il data sheet 1/3 Slip Ring Scopri di più Micromotori coreless Scopri di più Azionamenti Scopri di più Attuatori lineari tubolari Scopri di più Servomotori Scopri di più Encoder Scopri di più Our partners 1 2 3 Progetti meccatronici Con oltre 40 anni di esperienza nell’automazione industriale, Servotecnica è uno dei principali fornitori al mondo di soluzioni meccatroniche su misura e componenti elettromeccanici su misura per svariati settori industriali. Il nostro punto di forza è la combinazione di tecnologie innovative con l’esperienza e la competenza dei nostri tecnici. Vai ai progetti Più di 40 anni di esperienza I nostri motion specialist sono qui per aiutarti a scegliere la soluzione migliore per la tua applicazione. Scopri il valore aggiunto di Servotecnica su progettazione, logistica, qualità e molto altro. Scopri i nostri Servizi Blog News View all News News Cegeka intervista Servotecnica Per Servotecnica, Cegeka rappresenta un partner strategico la cui collaborazione ha agevolato negli anni un importante sviluppo tecno... Scopri di più Press La tecnologia ad azionamento diretto Un modo perfetto per migliorare produttività, precisione e prestazioni dinamiche Forza e accuratezza per le macchine utensili grazie... Scopri di più Press Fornitori di soluzioni tailor made Leader nel settore del Motion Control e dell’automazione industriale, Servotecnica offre soluzioni integrate personalizzate, gr... Scopri di più Parlaci della tua applicazione Contattaci Prodotti Cataloghi Progetti Servizi Blog Chi siamo Storia e valori Lavora con noi Team Legal Privacy Policy Quality policy Cookies Condizioni generali di vendita Servotecnica SpA Via E. Majorana, 4 20834 - Nova Milanese (MB) T. +39 0362 4921 info@servotecnica.com Iscriviti alla newsletter Cliccando su "Iscriviti" dichiari di aver preso visione dell' Privacy Policy e acconsenti al trattamento dei tuoi dati. Iscriviti Cliccando su "Iscriviti" dichiari di aver preso visione dell' Privacy Policy e acconsenti al trattamento dei tuoi dati. © 2024 | Servotecnica SpA - P.I. IT 00807880968 REA MI 1902780 C.S 468.000,00€

Servotecnica Worldwide - Automation and Mechatronics Ticketing Login Market:
					Worldwide Select your country Italy USA Deutschland info@servotecnica.com +39 0362 4921 info@servotecnica.com +39 0362 4921 Search for: Search Button Products Services Projects Blog Who we are History and values Team Contacts Ticketing Login Search for: Search Button Popular search Products Services Projects Blog Who we are History and values Team Contacts New 4-pole Coreless Micromotors New 4-pole Coreless Micromotors Servotecnica expands the range of coreless micromotors with 4-pole models: SVTN A 04-2232 and SVTN A 04-2250. Download data sheet New mini encoders by FLUX New mini encoders by FLUX FLUX's "IND-ROT" series of compact inductive encoders now includes even smaller diameters (34 mm and 45 mm), opening up a wide range of additional applications. Go to FLUX Slip Rings Find out more Coreless Micromotors Find out more Servomotors Find out more Tubular Actuators Find out more Servo Drives Find out more Encoders Find out more Mechatronic projects With over 40 years of experience in industrial automation, Servotecnica is one of the world’s leading suppliers of customized mechatronic solutions and electromechanical components for a variety of industries. Our strength lies in combining innovative technologies with the experience and expertise of our engineers. Go to projects More than 40 years of experience Our motion specialists are here to help you choose the best solution for your application. Discover Servotecnica’s added value on design, logistics, quality and more. Find out more Blog News View all News News Drums and pancakes: time to get more familiar with slip rings Even engineers who may not use slip rings in their everyday roles will be aware of how these electromechanical devices facilitate the... Find out more Motion blog What are the coreless motors? Are you sure you know about coreless motors and their advantages? If the answer is “not much” or “just a littleR... Find out more White papers Coreless motors vs. iron-core motors THE CHALLENGE Permanent magnet brushless motors can generate rotary and linear motion. They are known for their high torque density a... Find out more Tell us more about your application Contacts us Products Catalogs Projects Services Blog About us History and values Legal Privacy Policy Quality policy Cookies General conditions of sale Servotecnica SpA Via E. Majorana, 4 20834 - Nova Milanese (MB) T. +39 0362 4921 info@servotecnica.com Subscribe to the newsletter When you click on "Subscribe" you declare that you have read the privacy policy and consent to the processing of your data. Subscribe When you click on "Subscribe" you declare that you have read the privacy policy and consent to the processing of your data. © 2024 | Servotecnica SpA - P.I. IT 00807880968 REA MI 1902780 C.S 468.000,00€

Prodotti - Servotecnica Powered by Cookiebot Consent Details [#IABV2SETTINGS#] About This website uses cookies We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. Consent Selection Necessary Preferences Statistics Marketing Show details Necessary 20 Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Cookiebot 2 Learn more about this provider 1.gif Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Google 8 Learn more about this provider test_cookie Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _GRECAPTCHA This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP _grecaptcha This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML rc::d-15# This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP bscookie This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Zendesk 3 Learn more about this provider __zlcid This cookie is necessary for the chat-box function on the website to function. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP __cfruid This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP AWSALBCORS Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP it.servotecnica.com 1 wpEmojiSettingsSupports This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Session Type : HTML it.servotecnica.com static.zdassets.com 2 __zlcstore [x2] This cookie is necessary for the chat-box function on the website to function. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML sgtm.servotecnica.com 1 _set_cookie This cookie determines whether the browser accepts cookies. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Preferences 4 Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Zendesk 2 Learn more about this provider __zlcstore Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ZD-store Registers whether the self-service-assistant Zendesk Answer Bot has been displayed to the website user. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML it.servotecnica.com 1 wp-wpml_current_language Designates the country code that is calculated based on the user's IP address. Used to determine what language should be used for the visitor. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Statistics 8 Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Google 1 Learn more about this provider td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider AnalyticsSyncHistory Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP Zendesk 2 Learn more about this provider ZD-buid Unique id that identifies the user on recurring visits. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML ZD-suid Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML servotecnica.com 3 FPGSID Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP FPID Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP FPLC Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP sgtm.servotecnica.com 1 gtmBrowserId This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has visited the website before, or if it is a new visitor on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Marketing 30 Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Meta Platforms, Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP Google 3 Learn more about this provider pagead/landing [x2] Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel ads/ga-audiences Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider li_sugr Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP UserMatchHistory Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP li_adsId Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML YouTube 16 Learn more about this provider LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML Zendesk 2 Learn more about this provider __zlcmid Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP zte# Saves a Zopim Live Chat ID that recognises a device between visits during a chat session. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP sgtm.servotecnica.com 3 _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP Unclassified 0 Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. We do not use cookies of this type. Cross-domain consent [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] [#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#] List of domains your consent applies to: [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#] Cookie declaration last updated on 4/18/24 by Cookiebot [#IABV2_TITLE#] [#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages. You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website. Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy. Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent. Do not sell or share my personal information Deny Allow selection Customize Allow all Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics Ticketing Accedi Mercato:
					Italia Seleziona il tuo paese Altri mercati USA Germania info@servotecnica.com +39 0362 4921 info@servotecnica.com +39 0362 4921 Search for: Search Button Prodotti Servizi Progetti Blog Chi siamo Storia e valori Lavora con noi Team Contatti Ticketing Accedi Search for: Search Button Ricerche più frequenti Prodotti Servizi Progetti Blog Chi siamo Storia e valori Lavora con noi Team Contatti Home › Prodotti Prodotti Categorie Giunti rotanti Micromotori Servomotori Encoder e sensori inerziali Servoazionamenti Motion controller Servomotori con elettronica integrata Servoattuatori lineari Riduttori di precisione Serie GTX Attuatori lineari Motore integrato Forza elevata Bassa tensione Brushless IP65 Serie TTX, T2X, TDX ed SA Attuatori lineari “Intelligent” Brushless Motore integrato Forza elevata Robusto Bassa tensione Azionamento integrato IP65 Serie FT, FTP, FTX e KX Attuatori lineari “Universal” Forza elevata IP65 Personalizzabile Serie GTX, GTW e GSX Attuatori lineari “Integrated” Motore integrato Forza elevata Bassa tensione IP65 Personalizzabile Brushless Serie DMC-Ethernet Motion controller multi asse Azionamento integrato Ethernet slave Motion controller multi asse Azionamento integrato EtherCAT master Serie UxV Motori lineari ironless per vuoto Ironless Per vuoto Serie QTL Motori torque di grandi dimensioni Coppia elevata Frameless Alta tensione Foro passante Serie QTR Motori torque Frameless Coppia elevata Bassa tensione Foro passante Serie U Motori lineari ironless Frameless Bassa tensione Ironless Serie T Motori lineari ironcore Bassa tensione Frameless Alta tensione Sensori di hall analogici Raffreddamento a liquido Serie LMD ed MDrive Linear Attuatori lineari con elettronica integrata CANopen Design compatto Azionamento integrato Profinet Serie External Shaft Attuatori lineari stepper Miniaturizzato Passo passo Vite a ricircolo di sfere Cost-effective Motore integrato Serie MJX, R, RFCX, MJP ed RPC Giunti rotanti a fibra ottica Serie MJ2, PJ2, ZJN, MXN, JXN ed MRN Giunti rotanti a fibra ottica Serie IND-ROT Encoder rotativi induttivi Rotativo Serie GMI-ROT Encoder rotativi GMI Encoder assoluto Rotativo Ambienti ostili Serie GMI-ANG Encoder angolari GMI Encoder assoluto Rotativo Ambienti ostili Serie Ultra IncOder Encoder rotativi induttivi Encoder assoluto Rotativo Ambienti ostili Serie AI-Q Accelerometri Serie U Giroscopi a 1 asse / 2 assi Serie N Giroscopi a 1 asse / 2 assi Serie F Giroscopi a 3 assi E series Giroscopi a 3 assi Serie CVG-HT Giroscopi a 3 assi Serie A Giroscopi a 3 assi Serie SVTE-A-S6x Azionamenti digitali compatti per motori stepper CANopen Miniaturizzato Passo passo Programmabile Temperature estese Bassa tensione CC Serie ATOM HS Micromotori brushless coreless 2 poli Coreless Personalizzabile Alta efficienza Alta velocità Bassa inerzia Silenziosi Serie ATOM SC Micromotori brushless coreless 2 poli Coreless Personalizzabile Alta efficienza Azionamento integrato Bassa inerzia Silenziosi Serie SVTE-A-S4x Azionamenti digitali per motori stepper CANopen Passo passo Programmabile Temperature estese Bassa tensione CC Serie SVTE-A-E6x Azionamenti digitali per motori DC e BLDC Brushless CANopen EtherCAT Miniaturizzato Profinet Programmabile Temperature estese Bassa tensione CC Brushed DC Serie SVTE-A-E2x Azionamenti digitali per motori DC e BLDC Brushless CANopen CANopen EtherCAT Corrente elevata Profinet Programmabile Temperature estese Bassa tensione CC Brushed DC Brushed DC Serie SVTE-A-E5x Azionamenti digitali compatti per motori DC e BLDC Brushless CANopen CANopen EtherCAT Miniaturizzato Profinet Programmabile Temperature estese Bassa tensione CC Brushed DC Serie SVTE-A-E4x Azionamenti digitali per motori DC e BLDC Brushless CANopen EtherCAT Profinet Programmabile Temperature estese Bassa tensione CC Brushed DC Serie SVTE-A-B4x AzionamentI digitali per motori DC e BLDC Brushless CANopen Programmabile Temperature estese Bassa tensione CC Brushed DC Slip ring faston Design compatto IP65 Slip ring “capsule” Design compatto Personalizzabile Elevato data-rate IP65 Serie Everest ed Everest-S Azionamenti digitali miniaturizzati EtherCAT Brushless CANopen Corrente elevata Bassa tensione Miniaturizzato STO Ethernet Brushed DC Serie IKS e IKP Encoder incrementali magnetici Encoder incrementale Lineare Rotativo Serie AKS-16 Encoder magnetico assoluto Encoder assoluto Lineare Rotativo Serie UXXV Motori lineari ironless per vuoto Serie UXX Motori lineari ironless UMV series Motori lineari ironless per vuoto Serie ULV Motori lineari ironless per vuoto Serie QTL-485 Motori torque grandi Serie QTL-385 Motori torque grandi Serie QTL-310 Motori torque con raffreddamento Serie QTL-290 Motori torque grandi Serie QTL-230 Motori torque grandi con raffreddamento Serie QTL-210 Motori torque grandi Serie RIO PLC EtherCAT EtherCAT master Ethernet slave Serie Spirit Riduttori epicicloidali economici a gioco ridotto Cost-effective Uscita flangia Access Series Riduttori epicicloidali economici a gioco ridotto Cost-effective Serie Access PU Riduttore epicicloidale Cost-effective Uscita flangia Serie Captain Azionamenti digitali miniaturizzati EtherCAT Brushless CANopen Bassa tensione Miniaturizzato STO Ethernet Brushed DC Serie i Motori DC e Brushless con elettronica integrata Controllo di posizionamento Controllo di velocità CANopen J1939 Serie S Riduttori a cascata di ingranaggi Cascata d'ingranaggi Serie SN Riduttori a vite senza fine Angolare A vite senza fine Serie P e PK Riduttori epicicloidali Epicicloidale Serie SMC Azionamento per motori stepper CANopen EtherCAT Profinet Passo passo Distribuito/IP65 Sercos III STO Programmabile Modbus TCP/RTU Ethernet/IP Bassa tensione CC Serie MIS Servomotori stepper con elettronica integrata CANopen EtherCAT IP65 Bassa tensione Profinet Sercos III STO Modbus RTU Programmabile Modbus TCP RS485 DMX512 Ethernet/IP IO link Powerlink WiFi Zigbee Serie MIL Servo Attuatori Lineari stepper con elettronica integrata Azionamento integrato Passo passo Motore integrato Serie MAC Servomotori brushless AC con elettronica integrata CANopen EtherCAT Food grade Bassa tensione Profinet Sercos III Modbus RTU Programmabile Modbus TCP RS232 Bluetooth DMX512 Ethernet/IP IO link IP69K Powerlink WiFi Zigbee Serie HMxx Set riduttori armonici da integrazione Design compatto Design piatto Coppia elevata Albero cavo Gioco zero Serie DMC-busPCI Motion controller multi-asse Bus PCI Serie GP e GPS Giunti rotanti fluidici Combinabile con elettrico Liquidi Foro passante Fino a 515 bar Acciaio inox Alta portata Passaggi multipli Serie SPS Giunti rotanti fluidici Combinabile con elettrico Fino a 40 bar Singolo passaggio Serie DYNASYN Servomotori brushless in versione “one-cable” Cavo unico Serie SVTL S Attuatori tubolari miniaturizzati Freno Brushless Personalizzabile Food grade Alta dinamica Feedback integrato Azionamento integrato Bassa tensione Serie SVTL I Attuatori tubolari miniaturizzati con elettronica integrata Freno Brushless Personalizzabile Food grade Alta dinamica Feedback integrato Bassa tensione Serie ATOM DC Micromotori coreless brushed 2 poli Coreless Personalizzabile Alta efficienza Bassa inerzia Silenziosi Serie FLAT Motori outrunner  flat BLDC Personalizzabile Design piatto Coppia elevata Serie COSMOS Riduttori epicicloidali Personalizzabile Coppia elevata Serie ATOM EC Micromotori brushless coreless 2 poli Coreless Personalizzabile Alta efficienza Bassa inerzia Silenziosi Serie QTR 78 Piccoli motori torque Serie QTR 65 Motori Torque Serie X-treme Riduttori epicicloidali di alta precisione per carichi radiali e assiali elevati Coppia elevata Silenziosi Serie Wiser Riduttori epicicloidali economici ad ingranaggi elicoidali Coppia elevata Silenziosi Cost-effective Serie Ultimate Riduttori epicicloidali di alta dinamica e precisione Coppia elevata Silenziosi Uscita flangia Serie Lively Riduttori epicicloidali economici ad alta precisione Coppia elevata Silenziosi Serie Booster Riduttori Epicicloidali lineari e angolari Coppia elevata Silenziosi Serie SQM e iPx Motori Torque Coppia elevata Alta tensione Con frame Serie SVTM D Motori Coppia DC frameless con spazzole Personalizzabile Frameless Bassa tensione Serie SVTM A Servomotori brushless Encoder assoluto Personalizzabile Alta tensione Encoder incrementale IP65 Bassa tensione Serie XGB, XGT e XMC PLC e Motion Controller CANopen EtherCAT master Ethernet slave Modbus TCP/RTU Profibus slave DeviceNET Serie IncOder Encoder induttivi di precisione Encoder assoluto Rotativo Ambienti ostili Serie L7P, L7NH e PHOX Servoazionamenti Brushless Brushless EtherCAT STO Modbus RTU Serie DD Servomotori brushless a bassa inerzia Encoder assoluto Alta velocità Alta tensione IP65 Bassa inerzia Raffreddamento a liquido Serie SA e iSA Motion controller EtherCAT da quadro EtherCAT master Ethernet slave EtherCAT slave Distribuito/IP65 Profibus slave Codesys IEC 61131-3 HMI Profinet slave High voltage AC Serie ihXT e iDT5 Servomotori brushless con elettronica integrata per architetture decentralizzate EtherCAT Alta tensione CC Distribuito/IP65 Robusto Sercos III Cavo unico Serie DV/DH/DW Servomotori asincroni ad alte prestazioni Encoder assoluto Alta tensione Encoder incrementale IP65 Bassa inerzia Alta inerzia Raffreddamento a liquido Serie APM-S, APM-H e APM-F Servomotori brushless Encoder assoluto Alta tensione Albero cavo Encoder incrementale IP65 Bassa tensione Serie eXP2, iXP2 e iXP2H HMI ATEX Programmabile Ethernet IP66 Modbus TCP RS232 RS485 USB Mobile Serie MDM Motori torque / Tavole Rotanti Coppia elevata Alta tensione Foro passante Con frame Serie QTR 160 Piccoli motori torque Serie QTR 133 Motori torque Serie QTR 105 Piccoli motori torque Serie HVH Giunti rotanti fluidici Combinabile con elettrico Liquidi Foro passante Fino a 345 bar Alta portata Passaggi multipli Serie HPS Giunti rotanti fluidici Liquidi Foro passante Fino a 1375 bar Alta portata Passaggi multipli Serie SCS Giunti rotanti fluidici Food grade Liquidi Fino a 15 bar Acciaio inox Singolo passaggio Alta portata Serie SE Giunti rotanti fluidici Combinabile con elettrico Liquidi Foro passante Fino a 515 bar Passaggi multipli Serie LT Giunti rotanti fluidici Combinabile con elettrico Foro passante Fino a 40 bar Passaggi multipli Serie PEGA Servomotori con elettronica integrata EtherCAT Bassa tensione STO USB Serie KE-KW Azionamenti da quadro modulari ad alta concentrazione di potenza Encoder assoluto EtherCAT Corrente elevata Alta tensione CC STO da cabinet Raffreddamento a liquido High voltage AC Serie KE Alimentatore da quadro per azionamenti modulari EtherCAT Raffreddamento a liquido High voltage AC Serie iX e iC Azionamento brushless iP65 per architetture decentralizzate EtherCAT Alta tensione CC Distribuito/IP65 Robusto Sercos III STO Serie DT / DP Servomotori brushless ad alta concentrazione di coppia Alta tensione IP65 Bassa inerzia Raffreddamento a liquido Serie GSR Riduttori a vite senza fine A vite senza fine Serie GPL Riduttori epicicloidali Slip ring “flat” Design compatto Albero cavo Slip ring senza housing Personalizzabile Frameless Albero cavo Slip ring robusti Personalizzabile Elevato data-rate IP65 Slip Ring con foro passante Personalizzabile Elevato data-rate Albero cavo IP65 Serie ECM Servomotori brushless Controllo di posizionamento Controllo di velocità CANopen J1939 Serie M Servomotori a spazzole in corrente continua Personalizzabile Silenziosi Serie TBW Motori lineari ironcore con raffreddamento ad acqua Serie TB Motori lineari ironcore Serie TL Motori lineari ironcore Serie TM Motori lineari ironcore UXA Series Motori lineari ironless Serie UM Motori lineari ironless Serie UL Motori lineari ironless Serie UF Motori lineari ironless Serie UC Motori lineari ironless Serie GTW Attuatori lineari Brushless IP65 Forza elevata Motore integrato Serie FTX Attuatori lineari IP65 Forza elevata Serie FTP Attuatori lineari IP65 Forza elevata Serie TTX Attuatori lineari con elettronica integrata Brushless Azionamento integrato IP65 Bassa tensione Forza elevata Motore integrato Serie SA Attuatori lineari Brushless Azionamento integrato IP65 Bassa tensione Robusto Forza elevata Serie GSX Attuatori lineari Brushless Personalizzabile IP65 Forza elevata Motore integrato Serie KX Attuatori lineari Personalizzabile IP65 Serie HS Motori passo-passo ad albero cavo Albero cavo Miniaturizzato Passo passo Cost-effective Serie Captive (Electric Cylinder) Attuatore lineare passo-passo con madrevite Miniaturizzato Passo passo Cost-effective Motore integrato Serie Non-Captive Attuatore lineare passo-passo con madrevite Miniaturizzato Passo passo Cost-effective Motore integrato Kaptive Series Attuatori Lineari con Motori Passo Passo Ibridi Miniaturizzato Passo passo Cost-effective Motore integrato Serie PM Attuatori lineari passo-passo Miniaturizzato Passo passo Cost-effective Motore integrato Serie DLM Attuatori lineari Miniaturizzato Passo passo Cost-effective Motore integrato Modulo lineare Serie VCM Motori voice coil Frameless Bassa tensione Ironless Cost-effective Voice coil Serie SEZ Attuatori lineari con motore brushless e vite integrata Brushless Alta dinamica Azionamento integrato Motore integrato Serie SKT Servomotori brushless con foro passante e cuscinetto reggi-spinta Encoder assoluto Alta velocità Coppia elevata Alta tensione Albero cavo IP65 Raffreddamento a liquido Serie LMD Motori stepper con elettronica integrata IP65 Bassa tensione Profinet Robusto Serie MDrive Plus Motori stepper con elettronica integrata CANopen Design compatto Programmabile Posts navigation Older posts Parlaci della tua applicazione Contattaci Prodotti Cataloghi Progetti Servizi Blog Chi siamo Storia e valori Lavora con noi Team Legal Privacy Policy Quality policy Cookies Condizioni generali di vendita Servotecnica SpA Via E. Majorana, 4 20834 - Nova Milanese (MB) T. +39 0362 4921 info@servotecnica.com Iscriviti alla newsletter Cliccando su "Iscriviti" dichiari di aver preso visione dell' Privacy Policy e acconsenti al trattamento dei tuoi dati. Iscriviti Cliccando su "Iscriviti" dichiari di aver preso visione dell' Privacy Policy e acconsenti al trattamento dei tuoi dati. © 2024 | Servotecnica SpA - P.I. IT 00807880968 REA MI 1902780 C.S 468.000,00€

Micromotori - Servotecnica Italia Powered by Cookiebot Consent Details [#IABV2SETTINGS#] About This website uses cookies We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. Consent Selection Necessary Preferences Statistics Marketing Show details Necessary 20 Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Cookiebot 2 Learn more about this provider 1.gif Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Google 8 Learn more about this provider test_cookie Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _GRECAPTCHA This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP _grecaptcha This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML rc::d-15# This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP bscookie This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Zendesk 3 Learn more about this provider __zlcid This cookie is necessary for the chat-box function on the website to function. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP __cfruid This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP AWSALBCORS Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP it.servotecnica.com 1 wpEmojiSettingsSupports This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Session Type : HTML it.servotecnica.com static.zdassets.com 2 __zlcstore [x2] This cookie is necessary for the chat-box function on the website to function. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML sgtm.servotecnica.com 1 _set_cookie This cookie determines whether the browser accepts cookies. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Preferences 4 Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Zendesk 2 Learn more about this provider __zlcstore Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ZD-store Registers whether the self-service-assistant Zendesk Answer Bot has been displayed to the website user. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML it.servotecnica.com 1 wp-wpml_current_language Designates the country code that is calculated based on the user's IP address. Used to determine what language should be used for the visitor. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Statistics 8 Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Google 1 Learn more about this provider td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider AnalyticsSyncHistory Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP Zendesk 2 Learn more about this provider ZD-buid Unique id that identifies the user on recurring visits. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML ZD-suid Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML servotecnica.com 3 FPGSID Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP FPID Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP FPLC Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP sgtm.servotecnica.com 1 gtmBrowserId This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has visited the website before, or if it is a new visitor on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Marketing 30 Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Meta Platforms, Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP Google 3 Learn more about this provider pagead/landing [x2] Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel ads/ga-audiences Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider li_sugr Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP UserMatchHistory Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP li_adsId Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML YouTube 16 Learn more about this provider LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML Zendesk 2 Learn more about this provider __zlcmid Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP zte# Saves a Zopim Live Chat ID that recognises a device between visits during a chat session. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP sgtm.servotecnica.com 3 _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP Unclassified 0 Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. We do not use cookies of this type. Cross-domain consent [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] [#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#] List of domains your consent applies to: [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#] Cookie declaration last updated on 4/18/24 by Cookiebot [#IABV2_TITLE#] [#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages. You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website. Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy. Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent. Do not sell or share my personal information Deny Allow selection Customize Allow all Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics Ticketing Accedi Mercato:
					Italia Seleziona il tuo paese Altri mercati USA Germania info@servotecnica.com +39 0362 4921 info@servotecnica.com +39 0362 4921 Search for: Search Button Prodotti Servizi Progetti Blog Chi siamo Storia e valori Lavora con noi Team Contatti Ticketing Accedi Search for: Search Button Ricerche più frequenti Prodotti Servizi Progetti Blog Chi siamo Storia e valori Lavora con noi Team Contatti Home › Prodotti › Micromotori ← Go back Micromotori Micromotori I motori ATOM Servotecnica sono costruiti con tecnologia coreless, la quale offre vantaggi dove sono richieste potenza, dinamicità, affidabilità e precisione in dimensioni compatte. La gamma di micromotori Servotecnica comprende sia i motori a spazzole della serie ATOM-DC, sia quelli brushless delle serie ATOM-EC/HS/SC. I motori FLAT devono il loro nome al caratteristico sviluppo radiale. I rotori hanno diametri maggiori se paragonati ai motori tradizionali di pari performance, il ché gli conferisce maggiore inerzia, stabilità in velocità e precisione di posizionamento. La forma piatta li rende ideali per l’integrazione nelle meccaniche miniaturizzate frequenti nella robotica e in ambito medicale. La gamma di riduttori epicicloidali COSMOS Servotecnica ha un range da 10 a 42 mm e può essere assemblata con tutta la nostra gamma di micromotori. Inoltre, i nostri riduttori sono facilmente personalizzabili per soddisfare le vostre esigenze. Serie ATOM EC Micromotori brushless coreless 2 poli Coreless Personalizzabile Alta efficienza Bassa inerzia Silenziosi Serie ATOM HS Micromotori brushless coreless 2 poli Coreless Personalizzabile Alta efficienza Alta velocità Bassa inerzia Silenziosi Serie ATOM SC Micromotori brushless coreless 2 poli Coreless Personalizzabile Alta efficienza Azionamento integrato Bassa inerzia Silenziosi Serie ATOM DC Micromotori coreless brushed 2 poli Coreless Personalizzabile Alta efficienza Bassa inerzia Silenziosi Serie FLAT Motori outrunner  flat BLDC Personalizzabile Design piatto Coppia elevata Serie COSMOS Riduttori epicicloidali Personalizzabile Coppia elevata Parlaci della tua applicazione Contattaci Prodotti Cataloghi Progetti Servizi Blog Chi siamo Storia e valori Lavora con noi Team Legal Privacy Policy Quality policy Cookies Condizioni generali di vendita Servotecnica SpA Via E. Majorana, 4 20834 - Nova Milanese (MB) T. +39 0362 4921 info@servotecnica.com Iscriviti alla newsletter Cliccando su "Iscriviti" dichiari di aver preso visione dell' Privacy Policy e acconsenti al trattamento dei tuoi dati. Iscriviti Cliccando su "Iscriviti" dichiari di aver preso visione dell' Privacy Policy e acconsenti al trattamento dei tuoi dati. © 2024 | Servotecnica SpA - P.I. IT 00807880968 REA MI 1902780 C.S 468.000,00€

Servizi - Servotecnica Italia Powered by Cookiebot Consent Details [#IABV2SETTINGS#] About This website uses cookies We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. Consent Selection Necessary Preferences Statistics Marketing Show details Necessary 20 Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Cookiebot 2 Learn more about this provider 1.gif Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Google 8 Learn more about this provider test_cookie Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _GRECAPTCHA This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP _grecaptcha This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML rc::d-15# This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP bscookie This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Zendesk 3 Learn more about this provider __zlcid This cookie is necessary for the chat-box function on the website to function. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP __cfruid This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP AWSALBCORS Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP it.servotecnica.com 1 wpEmojiSettingsSupports This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Session Type : HTML it.servotecnica.com static.zdassets.com 2 __zlcstore [x2] This cookie is necessary for the chat-box function on the website to function. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML sgtm.servotecnica.com 1 _set_cookie This cookie determines whether the browser accepts cookies. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Preferences 4 Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Zendesk 2 Learn more about this provider __zlcstore Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ZD-store Registers whether the self-service-assistant Zendesk Answer Bot has been displayed to the website user. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML it.servotecnica.com 1 wp-wpml_current_language Designates the country code that is calculated based on the user's IP address. Used to determine what language should be used for the visitor. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Statistics 8 Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Google 1 Learn more about this provider td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider AnalyticsSyncHistory Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP Zendesk 2 Learn more about this provider ZD-buid Unique id that identifies the user on recurring visits. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML ZD-suid Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML servotecnica.com 3 FPGSID Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP FPID Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP FPLC Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP sgtm.servotecnica.com 1 gtmBrowserId This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has visited the website before, or if it is a new visitor on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Marketing 30 Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Meta Platforms, Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP Google 3 Learn more about this provider pagead/landing [x2] Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel ads/ga-audiences Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider li_sugr Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP UserMatchHistory Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP li_adsId Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML YouTube 16 Learn more about this provider LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML Zendesk 2 Learn more about this provider __zlcmid Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP zte# Saves a Zopim Live Chat ID that recognises a device between visits during a chat session. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP sgtm.servotecnica.com 3 _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP Unclassified 0 Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. We do not use cookies of this type. Cross-domain consent [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] [#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#] List of domains your consent applies to: [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#] Cookie declaration last updated on 4/18/24 by Cookiebot [#IABV2_TITLE#] [#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages. You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website. Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy. Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent. Do not sell or share my personal information Deny Allow selection Customize Allow all Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics Ticketing Accedi Mercato:
					Italia Seleziona il tuo paese Altri mercati USA Germania info@servotecnica.com +39 0362 4921 info@servotecnica.com +39 0362 4921 Search for: Search Button Prodotti Servizi Progetti Blog Chi siamo Storia e valori Lavora con noi Team Contatti Ticketing Accedi Search for: Search Button Ricerche più frequenti Prodotti Servizi Progetti Blog Chi siamo Storia e valori Lavora con noi Team Contatti Home › Servizi Servizi Progetti su misura e supporto applicativo Con oltre 40 anni di esperienza nel mercato dell’automazione industriale, il nostro team è in grado di offrirvi un supporto altamente qualificato nel processo decisionale e nella gestione dei progetti. Le nostre soluzioni combinate sono in grado di soddisfare anche le esigenze applicative più complesse, disponendo a magazzino di marchi leader e progettando prodotti personalizzati in base alle specifiche. Assistenza post-vendita e customer care I componenti elettromeccanici sono il nostro pane quotidiano e il nostro valore aggiunto risiede nel supporto e nell’assistenza tecnica. Il know-how dei nostri ingegneri applicativi è a vostra disposizione durante l’intero processo di selezione, progettazione e sviluppo dei prodotti giusti per la vostra applicazione. Controllo qualità e riparazioni Oltre al supporto e alla fornitura di componenti elettromeccanici, offriamo ai nostri clienti servizio riparazioni e test di qualità, anche certificazioni per mercati specifici per adeguarsi agli standard industriali a seguito di rigorosi test di qualità per il rilascio di certificati e documentazione. Logistica Offriamo i nostri servizi in tutto il mondo e, con oltre 3.000 prodotti a magazzino, possiamo offrire opzioni di consegna rapida e imballaggi specializzati per far sì che riceviate esattamente ciò di cui avete bisogno quando e come ne avete bisogno. Servotecnica non si limita a produrre componenti elettromeccanici di altissima qualità, ma offre servizi logistici avanzati end-to-end per supportare le esigenze speciali dei nostri clienti, consegnando ogni singolo componente nel modo migliore. Parlaci della tua applicazione Contattaci Prodotti Cataloghi Progetti Servizi Blog Chi siamo Storia e valori Lavora con noi Team Legal Privacy Policy Quality policy Cookies Condizioni generali di vendita Servotecnica SpA Via E. Majorana, 4 20834 - Nova Milanese (MB) T. +39 0362 4921 info@servotecnica.com Iscriviti alla newsletter Cliccando su "Iscriviti" dichiari di aver preso visione dell' Privacy Policy e acconsenti al trattamento dei tuoi dati. Iscriviti Cliccando su "Iscriviti" dichiari di aver preso visione dell' Privacy Policy e acconsenti al trattamento dei tuoi dati. © 2024 | Servotecnica SpA - P.I. IT 00807880968 REA MI 1902780 C.S 468.000,00€

