Smurfit Kappa - Paper | Packaging  | Solutions Powered by Cookiebot Consent Details [#IABV2SETTINGS#] About About cookies on this site We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyse site traffic and assist in our marketing efforts. Please select the type of cookies you would like to permit.  To manage or disable these cookies click on ‘Customise Cookie Settings’. For more information see our Cookie Policy and Privacy Statement Consent Selection Necessary Preferences Statistics Marketing CUSTOMISE COOKIE SETTINGS Necessary 49 Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Calendly 4 Learn more about this provider __cfruid This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP _ab This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Expiry : Session Type : HTML _mf This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Expiry : Session Type : HTML id Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTML Cookiebot 2 Learn more about this provider 1.gif Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Google 6 Learn more about this provider _GRECAPTCHA This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML rc::d-15# This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Investis Digital 3 Learn more about this provider ASP.NET_SessionId Preserves the visitor's session state across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP AWSALBTG Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP AWSALBTGCORS Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP bscookie This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Microsoft 4 Learn more about this provider AI_buffer Used in context with the "AI_sentBuffer" in order to limit the number of data-server-updates (Azure).  This synergy also allows the website to detect any duplicate data-server-updates. Expiry : Session Type : HTML AI_sentBuffer Used in context with the "AI_buffer" in order to limit the number of data-server-updates (Azure). This synergy also allows the website to detect any duplicate data-server-updates. Expiry : Session Type : HTML object(#-#-##:#:#.#) Holds the users timezone. Expiry : Session Type : HTML ai_session Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP RTB House 2 Learn more about this provider c Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP ts This cookie is necessary for the PayPal login-function on the website. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Stripe 3 Learn more about this provider __stripe_mid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP __stripe_sid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP m Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP Yandex 2 Learn more about this provider sync_cookie_csrf [x2] Used in connection with the synchronisation between the website and third-party Data Management Platform. The cookie serves to monitor this process for security reasons. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP broadcaster.walls.io otp.tools.investis.com recruit.hr-on.com 4 AWSALBCORS [x4] Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP calendly.com fonts.net 2 __cf_bm [x2] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP cdn.cookielaw.org 1 OptanonConsent Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP otp.tools.investis.com recruit.hr-on.com 3 AWSALB [x3] Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP recruit.hr-on.com smurfitkappa.concludis.de smurfitkappa.varbi.com 3 PHPSESSID [x3] Preserves user session state across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP smurfitkappa.varbi.com 1 language Saves the user's preferred language on the website. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP www.smurfitkappa.com 1 __RequestVerificationToken Helps prevent Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) attacks. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP www.smurfitkappa.com media.smurfitkappa.com 4 asd [x2] asd is a cookie used to identify the users' session on the server. The session used to store data in between off HTTP requests on server. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP BNES_asd [x2] Used by the Barracuda security firewall for cookie tamper protection purposes. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP yandex.com yandex.ru 2 i [x2] Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP Preferences 8 Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. Calendly 1 Learn more about this provider _calendly_session If consent is given by the visitor, this cookie allows the website to add events into the visitor's calendar. Expiry : 21 days Type : HTTP Google 1 Learn more about this provider maps/gen_204 Used in context with the website's map integration. The cookie stores user interaction with the map in order to optimize its functionality. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel RTB House 1 Learn more about this provider g Used in context with the language setting on the website. Facilitates the translation into the preferred language of the visitor. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP YouTube 1 Learn more about this provider yt-player-bandwidth Used to determine the optimal video quality based on the visitor's device and network settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML media.smurfitkappa.com www.smurfitkappa.com 2 shell#lang [x2] This cookie is used to determine the preferred language of the visitor and sets the language accordingly on the website, if possible. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP www.smurfitkappa.com media.smurfitkappa.com 2 BNES_shell#lang [x2] Used by the Barracuda security firewall for cookie tamper protection purposes. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Statistics 29 Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Appnexus 1 Learn more about this provider bounce Determines if a user leaves the website straight away. This information is used for internal statistics and analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Calendly 2 Learn more about this provider dd_cookie_test_# Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP 1 Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Session Type : HTML Google 6 Learn more about this provider collect Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _gat Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _gid Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider AnalyticsSyncHistory Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP Microsoft 1 Learn more about this provider ai_user Used by Microsoft Application Insights software to collect statistical usage and telemetry information. The cookie stores a unique identifier to recognize users on returning visits over time. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Siteimprove 3 Learn more about this provider heat.aspx Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel image.aspx Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel nmstat This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience. Expiry : 1000 days Type : HTTP Yandex 6 Learn more about this provider _ym_d Contains the date of the visitor's first visit to the website. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _ym_isad This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has any adblocker software in their browser – this information can be used to make website content inaccessible to visitors if the website is financed with third-party advertisement. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _ym_uid This cookie is used to collect non-personal information on the visitor's website behavior and non-personal visitor statistics. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _ym_retryReqs Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _ym3:0_reqNum Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yp Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP YouTube 1 Learn more about this provider yt-player-headers-readable Used to determine the optimal video quality based on the visitor's device and network settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML media.smurfitkappa.com www.smurfitkappa.com 2 SC_ANALYTICS_GLOBAL_COOKIE [x2] Used by Sitecore Engagement Analytics to identify the visitor on repeat visits to the website. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP www.smurfitkappa.com media.smurfitkappa.com 2 BNES_SC_ANALYTICS_GLOBAL_COOKIE [x2] Used by the Barracuda security firewall for cookie tamper protection purposes. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP yandex.com yandex.ru 4 yandexuid [x2] Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP ymex [x2] Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Marketing 76 Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Meta Platforms, Inc. 5 Learn more about this provider _fbp [x3] Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Adform 2 Learn more about this provider C Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP uid Registers a unique user ID that recognises the user's browser when visiting websites that use the same ad network. The purpose is to optimise display of ads based on the user's movements and various ad providers' bids for displaying user ads. Expiry : 2 months Type : HTTP Appnexus 3 Learn more about this provider anj Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP uuid2 Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP XANDR_PANID This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP Google 7 Learn more about this provider IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP pagead/landing Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP ads/ga-audiences Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel pagead/1p-conversion/#/ Pending Expiry : Session Type : Pixel pagead/1p-user-list/# Pending Expiry : Session Type : Pixel _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP LinkedIn 5 Learn more about this provider collect/ Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel bcookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP li_sugr Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP lidc Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP UserMatchHistory Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP RTB House 2 Learn more about this provider __rtbh.lid Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __rtbh.lid Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Taboola 6 Learn more about this provider #:session-data Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML eng_mt Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML t_gid This cookie assigns a specific visitor ID, when the visitor interacts with ads or content from the website - this allows the website to target the visitor with similar ads or content. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP t_pt_gid Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP taboola global:user-id Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML taboola_session_id This cookie is used to collect information on a visitor. This information will become an ID string with information on a specific visitor – ID information strings can be used to target groups with similar preferences, or can be used by third-party domains or ad-exchanges. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Wufoo 1 Learn more about this provider ep201 Saves user states across page requests when completing a web-based survey. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Yandex 7 Learn more about this provider sync_cookie_ok Used for data-synchronization with advertisement networks. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP yabs-sid Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP metrika_enabled Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP _ym#_lsid Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _ym_synced Tracks the user’s interaction with the website’s search-bar-function. This data can be used to present the user with relevant products or services. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _ym_uid Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML sync_cookie_image_finish Used for data-synchronization with advertisement networks. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel YouTube 22 Learn more about this provider #-# Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTML iU5q-!O9@$ Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTML LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB nextId Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP PREF Registers a unique ID that is used by Google to keep statistics of how the visitor uses YouTube videos across different websites. Expiry : 8 months Type : HTTP remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP requests Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP yt.innertube::nextId Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML Zemanta 1 Learn more about this provider v2/p/js/100121/PAGE_VIEW/ Pending Expiry : Session Type : Pixel adform.net adnxs.com creativecdn.com doubleclick.net taboola.com yandex.com 6 receive-cookie-deprecation [x6] Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Expiry : 2 months Type : HTTP mc.yandex.com yandex.com 3 bh [x3] Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP yandex.com yandex.ru 4 _yasc [x2] Collects data on the user across websites - This data is used to make advertisement more relevant. Expiry : 10 years Type : HTTP yuidss [x2] Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP yandex.ru yandex.com 2 yashr [x2] Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Unclassified 0 Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. We do not use cookies of this type. Cross-domain consent [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] [#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#] List of domains your consent applies to: [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#] Cookie declaration last updated on 5/4/24 by Cookiebot [#IABV2_TITLE#] [#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages. You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website. Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy. Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent. Do not sell or share my personal information Use necessary cookies only Allow selection Customize ALLOW ALL COOKIES Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics Vai al contenuto principale Investors Sedi Chi siamo Newsroom Contattaci [[selectcountryicon:Smurfit.default.CountrySelector]] Scegli il tuo paese Smurfit Kappa Group / English Europa (EMEA) [[expandicon:Smurfit.default.CountrySelector]] Austria Belgio (FR) Belgio (NL) Bulgaria Repubblica Ceca Danimarca Francia Germania Grecia Irlanda Italia Lettonia Lituania Marocco Paesi Bassi Norvegia Polonia Portogallo Serbia Slovacchia Spagna Svezia Svizzera Regno Unito America [[expandicon:Smurfit.default.CountrySelector]] Argentina Brasile Canada Cile Colombia Costa Rica Repubblica Dominicana Ecuador El Salvador Messico Perù Stati Uniti Prodotti e Servizi Espandi  Prodotti e Servizi Soluzioni end-to-end, dalla carta al packaging al riciclo Scopri tutti i prodotti e i servizi Packaging Bag-in-Box Display Macchine Confezionatrici Carta Carta e Cartone Riciclo Packaging eCommerce Imballaggi per eCommerce per migliorare la supply chain, la sostenibilità e la profittabilità di tutte le attività online. Retail Packaging Retail packaging per attirare l'attenzione dei consumatori in negozio ed aumentare le vendite. Packaging Industriale Le nostre soluzioni di packaging industriale sono progettate per proteggere i tuoi prodotti lungo la supply chain, Le Nostre Storie Espandi  Le Nostre Storie Scopri il nostro impegno per creare un mondo migliore per tutti noi Le Nostre Storie Persone Pianeta Comunità Clienti Tutte le storie Persone Ogni giorno le nostre persone danno vita ai nostri valori fondamentali di sicurezza, lealtà, integrità e rispetto. Pianeta Scopri alcuni dei modi in cui sosteniamo un pianeta più verde e più blu. Comunità Dai uno sguardo alle nostre storie per vedere come stiamo costruendo un futuro sostenibile nelle nostre comunità. Settori Espandi  Settori La nostra competenza sul mercato, il successo della tua attività Scopri tutti i settori Settore Automobilistico Prodotti da Forno Bevande Prodotti Chimici Prodotti Dolciari Patatine e Snacks Latte e Derivati Elettronica Moda Fiori Prodotti Confezionati Ortofrutta Prodotti Surgelati Arredamento Salute e Bellezza Pulizia Casa Prodotti Industriali Carne Pesce e Pollame Imballaggi e Carta Cibo per Animali Prodotti Farmaceutici Prodotti di Gomma e Plastica Tabacco eCommerce Innovazione Espandi  Innovazione Il nostro processo di innovazione inizia con un approccio scientifico Visita la nostra sezione Innovazione Approccio all'Innovazione Area Ricerca e Sviluppo Centri Ricerca e Sviluppo Experience Centre Strumenti Storie di Successo Experience Centre Sperimenta in modo pratico l’impatto del packaging in ogni fase della supply chain, fino al consumatore. Design2Market Factory Il modo più veloce per lanciare il tuo nuovo packaging Strumenti Esplora la nostra gamma di strumenti esclusivi che consentono a tutte le nostre sedi di usare, raccogliere e valutare rapidamente idee ed informazioni provenienti da tutto il mondo. Chi Siamo Espandi  Chi Siamo Un leader mondiale nel packaging a base carta Visita la nostra sezione 'Chi Siamo' In Sintesi Cosa Facciamo Visione e Strategia Etica Sedi La Nostra Storia Open the future In sintesi Dai uno sguardo alla portata dei nostri stabilimenti in tutto il mondo. Open the future 'Open the future' è la nostra strategia di brand incentrata sul creare crescita per i nostri clienti attraverso la conoscenza e l'innovazione Etica Lealtà, integrità e fiducia sono i valori e le fondamenta su cui è costruita Smurfit Kappa. Sostenibilità Espandi  Sostenibilità Packaging sostenibile realizzato da persone e processi Visita la sezione sostenibilità Report di Sostenibilità Approccio alla Sostenibilità Pianeta Persone e Comunità Impatto Sociale Better Planet Packaging Certificazioni FSC® SDR Report Leggi come stiamo raggiungendo i nostri ambiziosi obiettivi di sostenibilità nel nostro 17° Report di Sviluppo Sostenibile Report della Ricerca In che modo la trasparenza crea valore aggiunto per la sostenibilità aziendale? Download Trova i nostri report, documenti e certificati nella pagina Download Carriera Espandi  Carriera Scopri le tue vere potenzialità e fai progredire la tua carriera Visita la nostra sezione Carriera Carriere Laureati Crescita dei Talenti Incontra le Nostre Persone Coinvolgimento dei Dipendenti Sicurezza Inclusione e Diversità Laureati Stai cercando un’azienda dove poter scoprire le tue vere potenzialità e far progredire la tua carriera? Sicurezza La nostra campagna ‘Safety for life’ sottolinea l’importanza di pratiche di lavoro sicure per garantirci di fare di Smurfit Kappa un posto ancora più sicuro in cui lavorare. Inclusione e Diversità 'EveryOne' è il nostro programma globale a favore della inclusione e della diversità per abbracciare e celebrare la nostra forza lavoro globale e multiculturale. Come possiamo aiutarti? Come posso aiutarti oggi? Sto cercando [[searchicon:Smurfit.default.HelpMenuSearchColumn]] [[selectcountryicon:Smurfit.default.CountrySelector]] Scegli il tuo paese Smurfit Kappa Group / English Europa (EMEA) [[expandicon:Smurfit.default.CountrySelector]] Austria Belgio (FR) Belgio (NL) Bulgaria Repubblica Ceca Danimarca Francia Germania Grecia Irlanda Italia Lettonia Lituania Marocco Paesi Bassi Norvegia Polonia Portogallo Serbia Slovacchia Spagna Svezia Svizzera Regno Unito America [[expandicon:Smurfit.default.CountrySelector]] Argentina Brasile Canada Cile Colombia Costa Rica Repubblica Dominicana Ecuador El Salvador Messico Perù Stati Uniti Prodotti e Servizi Espandi  Prodotti e Servizi Soluzioni end-to-end, dalla carta al packaging al riciclo Scopri tutti i prodotti e i servizi Packaging Bag-in-Box Display Macchine Confezionatrici Carta Carta e Cartone Riciclo Packaging eCommerce Imballaggi per eCommerce per migliorare la supply chain, la sostenibilità e la profittabilità di tutte le attività online. Retail Packaging Retail packaging per attirare l'attenzione dei consumatori in negozio ed aumentare le vendite. Packaging Industriale Le nostre soluzioni di packaging industriale sono progettate per proteggere i tuoi prodotti lungo la supply chain, Le Nostre Storie Espandi  Le Nostre Storie Scopri il nostro impegno per creare un mondo migliore per tutti noi Le Nostre Storie Persone Pianeta Comunità Clienti Tutte le storie Persone Ogni giorno le nostre persone danno vita ai nostri valori fondamentali di sicurezza, lealtà, integrità e rispetto. Pianeta Scopri alcuni dei modi in cui sosteniamo un pianeta più verde e più blu. Comunità Dai uno sguardo alle nostre storie per vedere come stiamo costruendo un futuro sostenibile nelle nostre comunità. Settori Espandi  Settori La nostra competenza sul mercato, il successo della tua attività Scopri tutti i settori Settore Automobilistico Prodotti da Forno Bevande Prodotti Chimici Prodotti Dolciari Patatine e Snacks Latte e Derivati Elettronica Moda Fiori Prodotti Confezionati Ortofrutta Prodotti Surgelati Arredamento Salute e Bellezza Pulizia Casa Prodotti Industriali Carne Pesce e Pollame Imballaggi e Carta Cibo per Animali Prodotti Farmaceutici Prodotti di Gomma e Plastica Tabacco eCommerce Innovazione Espandi  Innovazione Il nostro processo di innovazione inizia con un approccio scientifico Visita la nostra sezione Innovazione Approccio all'Innovazione Area Ricerca e Sviluppo Centri Ricerca e Sviluppo Experience Centre Strumenti Storie di Successo Experience Centre Sperimenta in modo pratico l’impatto del packaging in ogni fase della supply chain, fino al consumatore. Design2Market Factory Il modo più veloce per lanciare il tuo nuovo packaging Strumenti Esplora la nostra gamma di strumenti esclusivi che consentono a tutte le nostre sedi di usare, raccogliere e valutare rapidamente idee ed informazioni provenienti da tutto il mondo. Chi Siamo Espandi  Chi Siamo Un leader mondiale nel packaging a base carta Visita la nostra sezione 'Chi Siamo' In Sintesi Cosa Facciamo Visione e Strategia Etica Sedi La Nostra Storia Open the future In sintesi Dai uno sguardo alla portata dei nostri stabilimenti in tutto il mondo. Open the future 'Open the future' è la nostra strategia di brand incentrata sul creare crescita per i nostri clienti attraverso la conoscenza e l'innovazione Etica Lealtà, integrità e fiducia sono i valori e le fondamenta su cui è costruita Smurfit Kappa. Sostenibilità Espandi  Sostenibilità Packaging sostenibile realizzato da persone e processi Visita la sezione sostenibilità Report di Sostenibilità Approccio alla Sostenibilità Pianeta Persone e Comunità Impatto Sociale Better Planet Packaging Certificazioni FSC® SDR Report Leggi come stiamo raggiungendo i nostri ambiziosi obiettivi di sostenibilità nel nostro 17° Report di Sviluppo Sostenibile Report della Ricerca In che modo la trasparenza crea valore aggiunto per la sostenibilità aziendale? Download Trova i nostri report, documenti e certificati nella pagina Download Carriera Espandi  Carriera Scopri le tue vere potenzialità e fai progredire la tua carriera Visita la nostra sezione Carriera Carriere Laureati Crescita dei Talenti Incontra le Nostre Persone Coinvolgimento dei Dipendenti Sicurezza Inclusione e Diversità Laureati Stai cercando un’azienda dove poter scoprire le tue vere potenzialità e far progredire la tua carriera? Sicurezza La nostra campagna ‘Safety for life’ sottolinea l’importanza di pratiche di lavoro sicure per garantirci di fare di Smurfit Kappa un posto ancora più sicuro in cui lavorare. Inclusione e Diversità 'EveryOne' è il nostro programma globale a favore della inclusione e della diversità per abbracciare e celebrare la nostra forza lavoro globale e multiculturale. Investors Sedi Chi siamo Newsroom Contattaci Better Planet Packaging Partnership migliori creano risultati migliori Creating the future together Scopri perché [[expand:Smurfit.default.HomepageCarouselBanner]] Better Planet Packaging packaging ecommerce Ogni consegna dovrebbe migliorare la tua reputazione Fai la giusta impressione Scopri di più [[expand:Smurfit.default.HomepageCarouselBanner]] packaging ecommerce Retail Packaging Retail packaging per catturare l'attenzione del consumatore sul punto vendita Scopri di più [[expand:Smurfit.default.HomepageCarouselBanner]] Retail Packaging 1 / 3 : Partnership migliori creano risultati migliori Come posso aiutarti oggi? Stai cercando Avvia la Ricerca News 19 mar 2024 Smurfit Kappa raggiunge 4 dei suoi target relativi al Progetto Better Planet in merito alla sostenibilità News 05 mar 2024 Completati i lavori alla cooperativa Fior di Loto di Mantova Smurfit Kappa & WestRock Leggi le ultime notizie sull'unione di Smurfit Kappa e WestRock (Contenuti in inglese) Scopri di più Our Open Community Scopri come stiamo costruendo un futuro sostenibile nelle nostre comunità Scopri di più Soluzioni progettate per la tua attività Prodotti e Servizi Prodotti e Servizi 0 selezionati Imballaggi - Tutti Imballaggi - Retail Imballaggi - Beni di Consumo Imballaggi - Prodotti Industriali Imballaggi - eCommerce Bag-in-Box Display Macchine Confezionatrici Containerboard Paper ＆ Board Recycling Settori di Mercato Settori di Mercato 0 selezionati Altro Arredamento Beni di Consumo Bevande Carne Pesce e Pollame Cartone Ondulato Cibo per Animali Elettronica Fiori Imballaggi e Carta Latte e Derivati Moda Ortofrutta Patatine e Snack Prodotti Chimici Prodotti Confezionati Prodotti da Forno Prodotti di Gomma e Plastica Prodotti Dolciari Prodotti Farmaceutici Prodotti Freschi Prodotti in Pietra Terracotta e Vetro Prodotti Industriali Prodotti Surgelati Pulizia Casa Salute e Bellezza Settore Automobilistico Tabacco Paese Paese 0 selezionati Algeria Argentina Austria Belarus Belgium Brazil Bulgaria Canada Cape Verde Chile Colombia Costa Rica Czech Republic Denmark Dominican Republic Ecuador El Salvador Estonia Finland France Gambia Germany Greece Guatemala Honduras Hungary Ireland Italy Ivory Coast Latvia Lithuania Mali Mauritania Mexico Morocco Nicaragua Norway Panama Peru Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Romania Russia Senegal Serbia Slovakia Spain Sweden Switzerland The Netherlands Tunisia United Kingdom United States Packaging per eCommerce Thermal Box-in-Box - Patent pending Packaging - Retail Retail Ready Packaging (RRP) Packaging - Consumer Cluster Lattine TopClip Packaging - Retail Vassoi per prodotti freschi (sistema P84) Bag-in-Box Bag-in-Box (BIB) Imballaggi per Prodotti Industriali Hexacomb Packaging - Tutto Scatole in cartone e astucci Packaging - Consumer Cluster Lattine GreenClip Packaging - Tutto Vassoi Imballaggi per Prodotti Industriali Heavy-Duty Display Espositori da Terra Packaging - Tutto Wraparound 1 2 3 4 5 6 Vedi tutte le 242 soluzioni Vedi tutte le 242 soluzioni Competenze globali, servizio locale Vedi tutte le nostre sedi 36 paesi in cui siamo presenti 47.000 dipendenti nel mondo 350 stabilimenti nel mondo Scopri le nostre soluzioni di imballaggio PACKAGING eCOMMERCE Con la nostra esperienza e competenza nell'eCommerce possiamo fornire l'imballaggio giusto per eliminare ogni rischio di danni al prodotto durante il trasporto ed assicurare che tutti i prodotti arrivino sempre in perfette condizioni. RETAIL PACKAGING Offriamo una gamma di soluzioni di retail packaging progettate secondo i principi più innovativi e con stampe di alta qualità per dare valore al brand ed aumentare le vendite. PACKAGING INDUSTRIALE Le nostre soluzioni di imballaggio industriale sono progettate per promuovere e proteggere i prodotti, qualunque sia la supply chain BAG-IN-BOX Dal film ai sacchi, rubinetti, scatole ed accessori, fino alle linee di riempimento, la nostra soluzione di packaging Bag-in-Box offre il vantaggio di una competenza dell’intero processo di confezionamento di liquidi e semiliquidi. PACKAGING eCOMMERCE Con la nostra esperienza e competenza nell'eCommerce possiamo fornire l'imballaggio giusto per eliminare ogni rischio di danni al prodotto durante il trasporto ed assicurare che tutti i prodotti arrivino sempre in perfette condizioni. RETAIL PACKAGING Offriamo una gamma di soluzioni di retail packaging progettate secondo i principi più innovativi e con stampe di alta qualità per dare valore al brand ed aumentare le vendite. PACKAGING INDUSTRIALE Le nostre soluzioni di imballaggio industriale sono progettate per promuovere e proteggere i prodotti, qualunque sia la supply chain BAG-IN-BOX Dal film ai sacchi, rubinetti, scatole ed accessori, fino alle linee di riempimento, la nostra soluzione di packaging Bag-in-Box offre il vantaggio di una competenza dell’intero processo di confezionamento di liquidi e semiliquidi. PACKAGING eCOMMERCE Con la nostra esperienza e competenza nell'eCommerce possiamo fornire l'imballaggio giusto per eliminare ogni rischio di danni al prodotto durante il trasporto ed assicurare che tutti i prodotti arrivino sempre in perfette condizioni. RETAIL PACKAGING Offriamo una gamma di soluzioni di retail packaging progettate secondo i principi più innovativi e con stampe di alta qualità per dare valore al brand ed aumentare le vendite. PACKAGING INDUSTRIALE Le nostre soluzioni di imballaggio industriale sono progettate per promuovere e proteggere i prodotti, qualunque sia la supply chain BAG-IN-BOX Dal film ai sacchi, rubinetti, scatole ed accessori, fino alle linee di riempimento, la nostra soluzione di packaging Bag-in-Box offre il vantaggio di una competenza dell’intero processo di confezionamento di liquidi e semiliquidi. 1 2 3 4 1 / 4: PACKAGING eCOMMERCE Investor Relations Latest Results See our latest results & trading updates Prodotti [[collapseicon:Smurfit.default.CollapsibleList]] Packaging Bag-in-Box Display Macchine Confezionatrici Carta Carta e Cartone Riciclo Innovazione [[collapseicon:Smurfit.default.CollapsibleList]] Approccio all'Innovazione Area Ricerca e Sviluppo Centri di Ricerca e Sviluppo Experience Centre Strumenti Casi di Successo Sostenibilità [[collapseicon:Smurfit.default.CollapsibleList]] Report di Sostenibilità Approccio alla Sostenibilità Pianeta Persone Impatto Sociale Better Planet Packaging Certificati FSC® Chi Siamo [[collapseicon:Smurfit.default.CollapsibleList]] In Sintesi Cosa Facciamo Visione e Strategia Etica Sedi La Nostra Storia Open the future Carriera [[collapseicon:Smurfit.default.CollapsibleList]] Carriere Laureati Crescita dei Talenti Incontra le Nostre Persone Coinvolgimento dei Dipendenti Sicurezza Inclusione e Diversità Sedi Newsroom Chi Siamo Accessibilità Informativa sui Cookie Dati Societari Modelli Organizzativi Informativa sulla Privacy © 2024 Smurfit Kappa

Smurfit Kappa Capocolle - Paper | Packaging | Solutions Powered by Cookiebot Consent Details [#IABV2SETTINGS#] About About cookies on this site We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyse site traffic and assist in our marketing efforts. Please select the type of cookies you would like to permit.  To manage or disable these cookies click on ‘Customise Cookie Settings’. For more information see our Cookie Policy and Privacy Statement Consent Selection Necessary Preferences Statistics Marketing CUSTOMISE COOKIE SETTINGS Necessary 49 Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Calendly 4 Learn more about this provider __cfruid This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP _ab This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Expiry : Session Type : HTML _mf This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Expiry : Session Type : HTML id Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTML Cookiebot 2 Learn more about this provider 1.gif Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Google 6 Learn more about this provider _GRECAPTCHA This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML rc::d-15# This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Investis Digital 3 Learn more about this provider ASP.NET_SessionId Preserves the visitor's session state across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP AWSALBTG Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP AWSALBTGCORS Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP bscookie This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Microsoft 4 Learn more about this provider AI_buffer Used in context with the "AI_sentBuffer" in order to limit the number of data-server-updates (Azure).  This synergy also allows the website to detect any duplicate data-server-updates. Expiry : Session Type : HTML AI_sentBuffer Used in context with the "AI_buffer" in order to limit the number of data-server-updates (Azure). This synergy also allows the website to detect any duplicate data-server-updates. Expiry : Session Type : HTML object(#-#-##:#:#.#) Holds the users timezone. Expiry : Session Type : HTML ai_session Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP RTB House 2 Learn more about this provider c Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP ts This cookie is necessary for the PayPal login-function on the website. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Stripe 3 Learn more about this provider __stripe_mid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP __stripe_sid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP m Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP Yandex 2 Learn more about this provider sync_cookie_csrf [x2] Used in connection with the synchronisation between the website and third-party Data Management Platform. The cookie serves to monitor this process for security reasons. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP broadcaster.walls.io otp.tools.investis.com recruit.hr-on.com 4 AWSALBCORS [x4] Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP calendly.com fonts.net 2 __cf_bm [x2] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP cdn.cookielaw.org 1 OptanonConsent Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP otp.tools.investis.com recruit.hr-on.com 3 AWSALB [x3] Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP recruit.hr-on.com smurfitkappa.concludis.de smurfitkappa.varbi.com 3 PHPSESSID [x3] Preserves user session state across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP smurfitkappa.varbi.com 1 language Saves the user's preferred language on the website. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP www.smurfitkappa.com 1 __RequestVerificationToken Helps prevent Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) attacks. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP www.smurfitkappa.com media.smurfitkappa.com 4 asd [x2] asd is a cookie used to identify the users' session on the server. The session used to store data in between off HTTP requests on server. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP BNES_asd [x2] Used by the Barracuda security firewall for cookie tamper protection purposes. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP yandex.com yandex.ru 2 i [x2] Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP Preferences 8 Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. Calendly 1 Learn more about this provider _calendly_session If consent is given by the visitor, this cookie allows the website to add events into the visitor's calendar. Expiry : 21 days Type : HTTP Google 1 Learn more about this provider maps/gen_204 Used in context with the website's map integration. The cookie stores user interaction with the map in order to optimize its functionality. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel RTB House 1 Learn more about this provider g Used in context with the language setting on the website. Facilitates the translation into the preferred language of the visitor. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP YouTube 1 Learn more about this provider yt-player-bandwidth Used to determine the optimal video quality based on the visitor's device and network settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML media.smurfitkappa.com www.smurfitkappa.com 2 shell#lang [x2] This cookie is used to determine the preferred language of the visitor and sets the language accordingly on the website, if possible. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP www.smurfitkappa.com media.smurfitkappa.com 2 BNES_shell#lang [x2] Used by the Barracuda security firewall for cookie tamper protection purposes. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Statistics 29 Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Appnexus 1 Learn more about this provider bounce Determines if a user leaves the website straight away. This information is used for internal statistics and analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Calendly 2 Learn more about this provider dd_cookie_test_# Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP 1 Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Session Type : HTML Google 6 Learn more about this provider collect Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _gat Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _gid Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider AnalyticsSyncHistory Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP Microsoft 1 Learn more about this provider ai_user Used by Microsoft Application Insights software to collect statistical usage and telemetry information. The cookie stores a unique identifier to recognize users on returning visits over time. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Siteimprove 3 Learn more about this provider heat.aspx Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel image.aspx Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel nmstat This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience. Expiry : 1000 days Type : HTTP Yandex 6 Learn more about this provider _ym_d Contains the date of the visitor's first visit to the website. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _ym_isad This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has any adblocker software in their browser – this information can be used to make website content inaccessible to visitors if the website is financed with third-party advertisement. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _ym_uid This cookie is used to collect non-personal information on the visitor's website behavior and non-personal visitor statistics. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _ym_retryReqs Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _ym3:0_reqNum Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yp Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP YouTube 1 Learn more about this provider yt-player-headers-readable Used to determine the optimal video quality based on the visitor's device and network settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML media.smurfitkappa.com www.smurfitkappa.com 2 SC_ANALYTICS_GLOBAL_COOKIE [x2] Used by Sitecore Engagement Analytics to identify the visitor on repeat visits to the website. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP www.smurfitkappa.com media.smurfitkappa.com 2 BNES_SC_ANALYTICS_GLOBAL_COOKIE [x2] Used by the Barracuda security firewall for cookie tamper protection purposes. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP yandex.com yandex.ru 4 yandexuid [x2] Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP ymex [x2] Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Marketing 76 Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Meta Platforms, Inc. 5 Learn more about this provider _fbp [x3] Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Adform 2 Learn more about this provider C Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP uid Registers a unique user ID that recognises the user's browser when visiting websites that use the same ad network. The purpose is to optimise display of ads based on the user's movements and various ad providers' bids for displaying user ads. Expiry : 2 months Type : HTTP Appnexus 3 Learn more about this provider anj Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP uuid2 Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP XANDR_PANID This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP Google 7 Learn more about this provider IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP pagead/landing Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP ads/ga-audiences Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel pagead/1p-conversion/#/ Pending Expiry : Session Type : Pixel pagead/1p-user-list/# Pending Expiry : Session Type : Pixel _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP LinkedIn 5 Learn more about this provider collect/ Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel bcookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP li_sugr Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP lidc Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP UserMatchHistory Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP RTB House 2 Learn more about this provider __rtbh.lid Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __rtbh.lid Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Taboola 6 Learn more about this provider #:session-data Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML eng_mt Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML t_gid This cookie assigns a specific visitor ID, when the visitor interacts with ads or content from the website - this allows the website to target the visitor with similar ads or content. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP t_pt_gid Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP taboola global:user-id Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML taboola_session_id This cookie is used to collect information on a visitor. This information will become an ID string with information on a specific visitor – ID information strings can be used to target groups with similar preferences, or can be used by third-party domains or ad-exchanges. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Wufoo 1 Learn more about this provider ep201 Saves user states across page requests when completing a web-based survey. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Yandex 7 Learn more about this provider sync_cookie_ok Used for data-synchronization with advertisement networks. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP yabs-sid Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP metrika_enabled Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP _ym#_lsid Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _ym_synced Tracks the user’s interaction with the website’s search-bar-function. This data can be used to present the user with relevant products or services. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _ym_uid Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML sync_cookie_image_finish Used for data-synchronization with advertisement networks. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel YouTube 22 Learn more about this provider #-# Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTML iU5q-!O9@$ Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTML LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB nextId Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP PREF Registers a unique ID that is used by Google to keep statistics of how the visitor uses YouTube videos across different websites. Expiry : 8 months Type : HTTP remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP requests Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP yt.innertube::nextId Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML Zemanta 1 Learn more about this provider v2/p/js/100121/PAGE_VIEW/ Pending Expiry : Session Type : Pixel adform.net adnxs.com creativecdn.com doubleclick.net taboola.com yandex.com 6 receive-cookie-deprecation [x6] Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Expiry : 2 months Type : HTTP mc.yandex.com yandex.com 3 bh [x3] Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP yandex.com yandex.ru 4 _yasc [x2] Collects data on the user across websites - This data is used to make advertisement more relevant. Expiry : 10 years Type : HTTP yuidss [x2] Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP yandex.ru yandex.com 2 yashr [x2] Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Unclassified 0 Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. We do not use cookies of this type. Cross-domain consent [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] [#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#] List of domains your consent applies to: [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#] Cookie declaration last updated on 5/4/24 by Cookiebot [#IABV2_TITLE#] [#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages. You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website. Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy. Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent. Do not sell or share my personal information Use necessary cookies only Allow selection Customize ALLOW ALL COOKIES Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics Vai al contenuto principale LSE (SKG) £37.90 Prezzo azione in aumento Prezzo azione in aumento ISE (SKG) €44.03 Prezzo azione in aumento Prezzo azione in aumento Investors Sedi Chi siamo Newsroom Contattaci [[selectcountryicon:Smurfit.default.CountrySelector]] Scegli il tuo paese Smurfit Kappa Group / English Europa (EMEA) [[expandicon:Smurfit.default.CountrySelector]] Austria Belgio (FR) Belgio (NL) Bulgaria Repubblica Ceca Danimarca Francia Germania Grecia Irlanda Italia Lettonia Lituania Marocco Paesi Bassi Norvegia Polonia Portogallo Serbia Slovacchia Spagna Svezia Svizzera Regno Unito America [[expandicon:Smurfit.default.CountrySelector]] Argentina Brasile Canada Cile Colombia Costa Rica Repubblica Dominicana Ecuador El Salvador Messico Perù Stati Uniti Prodotti e Servizi Espandi  Prodotti e Servizi Soluzioni end-to-end, dalla carta al packaging al riciclo Scopri tutti i prodotti e i servizi Packaging Bag-in-Box Display Macchine Confezionatrici Carta Carta e Cartone Riciclo Packaging eCommerce Imballaggi per eCommerce per migliorare la supply chain, la sostenibilità e la profittabilità di tutte le attività online. Retail Packaging Retail packaging per attirare l'attenzione dei consumatori in negozio ed aumentare le vendite. Packaging Industriale Le nostre soluzioni di packaging industriale sono progettate per proteggere i tuoi prodotti lungo la supply chain, Le Nostre Storie Espandi  Le Nostre Storie Scopri il nostro impegno per creare un mondo migliore per tutti noi Le Nostre Storie Persone Pianeta Comunità Clienti Tutte le storie Persone Ogni giorno le nostre persone danno vita ai nostri valori fondamentali di sicurezza, lealtà, integrità e rispetto. Pianeta Scopri alcuni dei modi in cui sosteniamo un pianeta più verde e più blu. Comunità Dai uno sguardo alle nostre storie per vedere come stiamo costruendo un futuro sostenibile nelle nostre comunità. Settori Espandi  Settori La nostra competenza sul mercato, il successo della tua attività Scopri tutti i settori Settore Automobilistico Prodotti da Forno Bevande Prodotti Chimici Prodotti Dolciari Patatine e Snacks Latte e Derivati Elettronica Moda Fiori Prodotti Confezionati Ortofrutta Prodotti Surgelati Arredamento Salute e Bellezza Pulizia Casa Prodotti Industriali Carne Pesce e Pollame Imballaggi e Carta Cibo per Animali Prodotti Farmaceutici Prodotti di Gomma e Plastica Tabacco eCommerce Innovazione Espandi  Innovazione Il nostro processo di innovazione inizia con un approccio scientifico Visita la nostra sezione Innovazione Approccio all'Innovazione Area Ricerca e Sviluppo Centri Ricerca e Sviluppo Experience Centre Strumenti Storie di Successo Experience Centre Sperimenta in modo pratico l’impatto del packaging in ogni fase della supply chain, fino al consumatore. Design2Market Factory Il modo più veloce per lanciare il tuo nuovo packaging Strumenti Esplora la nostra gamma di strumenti esclusivi che consentono a tutte le nostre sedi di usare, raccogliere e valutare rapidamente idee ed informazioni provenienti da tutto il mondo. Chi Siamo Espandi  Chi Siamo Un leader mondiale nel packaging a base carta Visita la nostra sezione 'Chi Siamo' In Sintesi Cosa Facciamo Visione e Strategia Etica Sedi La Nostra Storia Open the future In sintesi Dai uno sguardo alla portata dei nostri stabilimenti in tutto il mondo. Open the future 'Open the future' è la nostra strategia di brand incentrata sul creare crescita per i nostri clienti attraverso la conoscenza e l'innovazione Etica Lealtà, integrità e fiducia sono i valori e le fondamenta su cui è costruita Smurfit Kappa. Sostenibilità Espandi  Sostenibilità Packaging sostenibile realizzato da persone e processi Visita la sezione sostenibilità Report di Sostenibilità Approccio alla Sostenibilità Pianeta Persone e Comunità Impatto Sociale Better Planet Packaging Certificazioni FSC® SDR Report Leggi come stiamo raggiungendo i nostri ambiziosi obiettivi di sostenibilità nel nostro 17° Report di Sviluppo Sostenibile Report della Ricerca In che modo la trasparenza crea valore aggiunto per la sostenibilità aziendale? Download Trova i nostri report, documenti e certificati nella pagina Download Carriera Espandi  Carriera Scopri le tue vere potenzialità e fai progredire la tua carriera Visita la nostra sezione Carriera Carriere Laureati Crescita dei Talenti Incontra le Nostre Persone Coinvolgimento dei Dipendenti Sicurezza Inclusione e Diversità Laureati Stai cercando un’azienda dove poter scoprire le tue vere potenzialità e far progredire la tua carriera? Sicurezza La nostra campagna ‘Safety for life’ sottolinea l’importanza di pratiche di lavoro sicure per garantirci di fare di Smurfit Kappa un posto ancora più sicuro in cui lavorare. Inclusione e Diversità 'EveryOne' è il nostro programma globale a favore della inclusione e della diversità per abbracciare e celebrare la nostra forza lavoro globale e multiculturale. Come possiamo aiutarti? Come posso aiutarti oggi? Sto cercando [[searchicon:Smurfit.default.HelpMenuSearchColumn]] [[selectcountryicon:Smurfit.default.CountrySelector]] Scegli il tuo paese Smurfit Kappa Group / English Europa (EMEA) [[expandicon:Smurfit.default.CountrySelector]] Austria Belgio (FR) Belgio (NL) Bulgaria Repubblica Ceca Danimarca Francia Germania Grecia Irlanda Italia Lettonia Lituania Marocco Paesi Bassi Norvegia Polonia Portogallo Serbia Slovacchia Spagna Svezia Svizzera Regno Unito America [[expandicon:Smurfit.default.CountrySelector]] Argentina Brasile Canada Cile Colombia Costa Rica Repubblica Dominicana Ecuador El Salvador Messico Perù Stati Uniti Prodotti e Servizi Espandi  Prodotti e Servizi Soluzioni end-to-end, dalla carta al packaging al riciclo Scopri tutti i prodotti e i servizi Packaging Bag-in-Box Display Macchine Confezionatrici Carta Carta e Cartone Riciclo Packaging eCommerce Imballaggi per eCommerce per migliorare la supply chain, la sostenibilità e la profittabilità di tutte le attività online. Retail Packaging Retail packaging per attirare l'attenzione dei consumatori in negozio ed aumentare le vendite. Packaging Industriale Le nostre soluzioni di packaging industriale sono progettate per proteggere i tuoi prodotti lungo la supply chain, Le Nostre Storie Espandi  Le Nostre Storie Scopri il nostro impegno per creare un mondo migliore per tutti noi Le Nostre Storie Persone Pianeta Comunità Clienti Tutte le storie Persone Ogni giorno le nostre persone danno vita ai nostri valori fondamentali di sicurezza, lealtà, integrità e rispetto. Pianeta Scopri alcuni dei modi in cui sosteniamo un pianeta più verde e più blu. Comunità Dai uno sguardo alle nostre storie per vedere come stiamo costruendo un futuro sostenibile nelle nostre comunità. Settori Espandi  Settori La nostra competenza sul mercato, il successo della tua attività Scopri tutti i settori Settore Automobilistico Prodotti da Forno Bevande Prodotti Chimici Prodotti Dolciari Patatine e Snacks Latte e Derivati Elettronica Moda Fiori Prodotti Confezionati Ortofrutta Prodotti Surgelati Arredamento Salute e Bellezza Pulizia Casa Prodotti Industriali Carne Pesce e Pollame Imballaggi e Carta Cibo per Animali Prodotti Farmaceutici Prodotti di Gomma e Plastica Tabacco eCommerce Innovazione Espandi  Innovazione Il nostro processo di innovazione inizia con un approccio scientifico Visita la nostra sezione Innovazione Approccio all'Innovazione Area Ricerca e Sviluppo Centri Ricerca e Sviluppo Experience Centre Strumenti Storie di Successo Experience Centre Sperimenta in modo pratico l’impatto del packaging in ogni fase della supply chain, fino al consumatore. Design2Market Factory Il modo più veloce per lanciare il tuo nuovo packaging Strumenti Esplora la nostra gamma di strumenti esclusivi che consentono a tutte le nostre sedi di usare, raccogliere e valutare rapidamente idee ed informazioni provenienti da tutto il mondo. Chi Siamo Espandi  Chi Siamo Un leader mondiale nel packaging a base carta Visita la nostra sezione 'Chi Siamo' In Sintesi Cosa Facciamo Visione e Strategia Etica Sedi La Nostra Storia Open the future In sintesi Dai uno sguardo alla portata dei nostri stabilimenti in tutto il mondo. Open the future 'Open the future' è la nostra strategia di brand incentrata sul creare crescita per i nostri clienti attraverso la conoscenza e l'innovazione Etica Lealtà, integrità e fiducia sono i valori e le fondamenta su cui è costruita Smurfit Kappa. Sostenibilità Espandi  Sostenibilità Packaging sostenibile realizzato da persone e processi Visita la sezione sostenibilità Report di Sostenibilità Approccio alla Sostenibilità Pianeta Persone e Comunità Impatto Sociale Better Planet Packaging Certificazioni FSC® SDR Report Leggi come stiamo raggiungendo i nostri ambiziosi obiettivi di sostenibilità nel nostro 17° Report di Sviluppo Sostenibile Report della Ricerca In che modo la trasparenza crea valore aggiunto per la sostenibilità aziendale? Download Trova i nostri report, documenti e certificati nella pagina Download Carriera Espandi  Carriera Scopri le tue vere potenzialità e fai progredire la tua carriera Visita la nostra sezione Carriera Carriere Laureati Crescita dei Talenti Incontra le Nostre Persone Coinvolgimento dei Dipendenti Sicurezza Inclusione e Diversità Laureati Stai cercando un’azienda dove poter scoprire le tue vere potenzialità e far progredire la tua carriera? Sicurezza La nostra campagna ‘Safety for life’ sottolinea l’importanza di pratiche di lavoro sicure per garantirci di fare di Smurfit Kappa un posto ancora più sicuro in cui lavorare. Inclusione e Diversità 'EveryOne' è il nostro programma globale a favore della inclusione e della diversità per abbracciare e celebrare la nostra forza lavoro globale e multiculturale. Investors Sedi Chi siamo Newsroom Contattaci Home Separatore delle sezioni nel menu di navigazione Sedi Separatore delle sezioni nel menu di navigazione Smurfit Kappa Capocolle di Bertinoro Smurfit Kappa Italia S.p.A. - Capocolle di Bertinoro L'arte del cartone ondulato Smurfit Kappa Italia S.p.A. - Capocolle di Bertinoro Via Emilia 705, 47032 Capocolle di Bertinoro (FC) +39 054 346 25 11 Certificazioni FSC®, ISO 9001, FEFCO GMP, OSHAS 18001, ISO 45001, ISO 14001 Produciamo imballaggi in cartone ondulato da oltre 30 anni. Siamo nati per la produzione di scatole americane, ma siamo poi cresciuti rapidamente fino ad abbracciare l’intera gamma del packaging in cartone ondulato. Oggi siamo il punto di riferimento del settore, in particolare nella produzione di imballaggi speciali per carne ed ortofrutta. Contattaci To navigate, press the arrow keys. Mostra la sede sulla mappa Smurfit Kappa Italia S.p.A. - Capocolle di Bertinoro prodotti Soluzioni progettate per te Packaging - Tutto Scatole in cartone e astucci Packaging - Tutto Wraparound Packaging - Consumer Scatole da Archivio Imballaggi per Prodotti Industriali Angolari Packaging - Retail Imballaggi per Ortofrutta (montaggio manuale) Packaging - Retail Imballaggi per Ortofrutta (montaggio automatico) Packaging - Retail Vassoi per prodotti freschi (sistema P84) Packaging - Consumer Scatole per Carne e Pollame Packaging - Tutto Vassoi Packaging - Retail Retail Ready Packaging (RRP) Packaging - Retail RRP (Retail Ready Packaging) ibrido Packaging - Retail Espositori da Banco Contattaci ora * Campi Obbligatori NOME* PAESE* Algeria Argentina Austria Bulgaria Belarus Belgium Brazil Canada Cape Verde Chile Colombia Costa Rica Czech Republic Denmark Dominican Republic Ecuador El Salvador Estonia Finland France Gambia Germany Greece Hungary Ireland Italy Ivory Coast Latvia Lithuania Mali Mauritania Mexico Morocco Netherlands Norway Peru Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Russia Senegal Serbia Slovakia Spain Sweden Switzerland Tunisia United Kingdom United States Venezuela OTHER NUMERO DI TELEFONO E-MAIL* CITTA* SOCIETA* MESSAGGIO* Sì, vorrei ricevere aggiornamenti su prodotti e servizi Smurfit Kappa. Puoi annullare l’iscrizione in qualunque momento usando il link che troverai nella e-mail. Dichiaro di aver letto e di accettare il contenuto del documento sulla privacy . In qualunque momento hai il diritto di opporti all’elaborazione dei tuoi dati personali per finalità di direct marketing contattandoci. Prodotti [[collapseicon:Smurfit.default.CollapsibleList]] Packaging Bag-in-Box Display Macchine Confezionatrici Carta Carta e Cartone Riciclo Innovazione [[collapseicon:Smurfit.default.CollapsibleList]] Approccio all'Innovazione Area Ricerca e Sviluppo Centri di Ricerca e Sviluppo Experience Centre Strumenti Casi di Successo Sostenibilità [[collapseicon:Smurfit.default.CollapsibleList]] Report di Sostenibilità Approccio alla Sostenibilità Pianeta Persone Impatto Sociale Better Planet Packaging Certificati FSC® Chi Siamo [[collapseicon:Smurfit.default.CollapsibleList]] In Sintesi Cosa Facciamo Visione e Strategia Etica Sedi La Nostra Storia Open the future Carriera [[collapseicon:Smurfit.default.CollapsibleList]] Carriere Laureati Crescita dei Talenti Incontra le Nostre Persone Coinvolgimento dei Dipendenti Sicurezza Inclusione e Diversità Sedi Newsroom Chi Siamo Accessibilità Informativa sui Cookie Dati Societari Modelli Organizzativi Informativa sulla Privacy © 2024 Smurfit Kappa BESbswy

Smurfit Kappa, ad Anzio  produzione su del 15% con i nuovi  investimenti - Il Sole 24 ORE Abbonati Economia Economia Economia Industria In evidenza Criptovalute Spread BTP-Bund FTSE-MIB Petrolio Abbonati Accedi Economia Smurfit Kappa, ad Anzio  produzione su del 15% con i nuovi  investimenti Intelligenza artificiale e aggregazioni le nuove sfide per la meccatronica Indice Servizio Servizio Contenuto basato su fatti, osservati e verificati dal reporter in modo diretto o riportati da fonti verificate e attendibili. Scopri di più Packaging Smurfit Kappa, ad Anzio  produzione su del 15% con i nuovi  investimenti . di Andrea Marini 4 marzo 2024 La produzione nello stabilimento Smurfit Kappa di Anzio Ascolta la versione audio dell'articolo 2' di lettura Smurfit Kappa, multinazionale irlandese del packaging in cartone, consolida la propria presenza ad Anzio: nello stabilimento di 70mila metri quadrati nella zona del litorale sud della provincia di Roma, l’azienda ha investito negli ultimi cinque anni oltre 7 milioni di euro per ampliare la produzione. «Nei prossimi tre mesi – racconta l’amministratore delegato di Smurfit Kappa Italia, Gianluca Castellini – installeremo una nuova macchina di trasformazione, la settima. Il che ci permetterà di aumentare la produzione tra il 10 e il 15%. Nello stabilimento di Anzio, negli ultimi dieci anni abbiamo raddoppiato il fatturato». Smurfit Kappa Italia (la costola italiana della multinazionale irlandese) conta 2.200 addetti (120 ad Anzio, a cui presto si dovrebbero aggiungere almeno altre 5-6 unità), quasi un miliardo di euro di fatturato annuo e 26 stabilimenti (quello di Anzio è il più a Sud in Italia). A livello mondiale, il colosso del packaging ha quasi 400 fabbriche – dall’Argentina, fino agli Stati Uniti e all’Est Europa – 12 miliardi di euro di fatturato annuo e oltre 45mila addetti. Tra i punti di forza dell’impresa c’è anche l’investimento nelle proprie risorse umane: Smurfit Kappa Italia è rientrata per la quinta volta consecutiva nel Top Employer 2024, il gotha delle imprese riconosciute per le politiche rivolte a migliorare l’ambiente di lavoro e a contribuire al benessere dei dipendenti. «Quando i nostri addetti stanno bene – spiega l’amministratore delegato – anche i nostri clienti sono più soddisfatti. Noi abbiamo un programma con cui ogni 18-24 mesi, tramite questionario anonimo, ascoltiamo le esigenze del personale. Abbiamo un altro programma specifico per l’inclusione e una scuola di formazione interna a Verona». Loading... Anzio ha un ruolo chiave per l’azienda. «Su un miliardo di metri quadrati di cartone ondulato prodotti in Italia, circa 60 milioni vengono da qui». Smurfit Kappa ha scelto questo sito nel lontano 1971 in quanto strategico: «Da un lato – racconta Castellini – si trova vicino ad altre multinazionali, che utilizzano i nostri prodotti. Poi si trova a pochi chilometri da un grande mercato come quello di Roma. Inoltre, i poli universitari della capitale ci permettono di reperire qualifiche per noi fondamentali: ingegneri, esperti di marketing ed economia aziendale». Tuttavia, l’ad fa una richiesta alle istituzioni, locali e non: «Come in altre zone d’Italia, anche qui abbiamo difficoltà logistiche e problemi di sicurezza stradale. I collegamenti del nostro stabilimento con le grandi arterie autostradali sono inadeguati». Su questo fronte anche Unindustria si è fatta parte attiva per contribuire a risolvere la questione. CONTEST Invia il tuo video e diventa Young Finance Video Reporter Scopri di più Podcast MARKET MOVER L’andamento dei listini, le storie societarie del momento e i protagonisti dell’attualità finanziaria Scopri di più Riproduzione riservata © 0 Argomenti Anzio fabbrica Italia Smurfit Kappa Italia Stati Uniti d'America Andrea Marini redattore @marini_andr LinkedIn Email Luogo: Roma Lingue parlate: Italiano, inglese e tedesco Argomenti: Politica, economia, desk quotidiano e online Scheda autore Trust project Dai inizio alla discussione 0 Disclaimer Commenta Loading... Le ultime di Le banche fanno sempre più utili: nel primo trimestre crescono del 26% di Alessandro Graziani Musica, quali sono i dischi più costosi del 2023 (e quanto hanno venduto) di Francesco Prisco Portovenere, il capo di gabinetto del Governatore Toti: «Qua è tutto mio» di Roberto Galullo Il punto Il lavoro che c’è, i lavoratori che mancano In 60 secondi, ogni giorno, il vicedirettore del Sole 24 Ore Alberto Orioli commenta le principali notizie, su Radio24 e in questo podcast Ascoltalo ora Brand connect Loading... I prossimi eventi Tutti gli eventi Newsletter Notizie e approfondimenti sugli avvenimenti politici, economici e finanziari. Iscriviti I video più visti L'inchiesta su Stellantis di La7, Bianca Carretto su Marchionne: "Non avrebbe mai fatto l'alleanza con Peugeot" 30 aprile 2024 David di Donatello, il simpatico sketch tra Emanuela Fanelli e Paola Cortellesi dopo la premiazione 4 maggio 2024 Emilio Fede ricorda Berlusconi e si commuove: "E' stato la mia vita" 14 giugno 2023 Le foto più viste Ferrari 12Cilindri, le foto della nuova super gran turismo da 830 cavalli 3 maggio 2024 Renault Symbioz, tutte le foto ufficiali 2 maggio 2024 Le più belle foto di Helmut Newton al Kunstforum di Vienna 15 novembre 2022 Torna all’inizio Il gruppo Gruppo 24 ORE Radio24 Radiocor 24 ORE Professionale 24 ORE Cultura 24 ORE System La redazione Contatti Il sito Italia Mondo Economia Finanza Mercati Risparmio Norme&Tributi Commenti Management Salute HTSI Tecnologia Cultura Motori Moda Real Estate Viaggi Food Sport Arteconomy Sostenibilità Scuola Newsletter Quotidiani digitali Fisco Diritto Lavoro Enti locali & Edilizia Condominio Sanità24 Agrisole Link utili Shopping24 L’Esperto risponde Strumenti Ticket 24 ORE Blog Meteo Codici sconto 24ORE POINT Rassegnatori autorizzati Pubblicità Tribunali e P.A. Case e Appartamenti Trust Project Abbonamenti Abbonamenti al quotidiano Abbonamenti da rinnovare Abbonati Archivio Archivio del quotidiano Archivio Domenica App disponibile su: Google Play App store P.I. 00777910159 Dati societari © Copyright Il Sole 24 Ore Tutti i diritti riservati Per la tua pubblicità sul sito: 24 Ore System Informativa sui cookie Privacy policy La vostra privacy è per noi molto importante Gentile Lettore, Il Sole 24 Ore si impegna ogni giorno a fornirti un’informazione autorevole e di qualità. Il lavoro della redazione e la possibilità di accedere liberamente ai nostri contenuti sono supportati anche dai ricavi derivanti dalla pubblicità profilata. Per questo chiediamo il tuo consenso all’utilizzo di cookie per finalità diverse da quelle strettamente necessarie, come indicato nella cookie policy . Se scegli di rifiutare, ti chiediamo di sottoscrivere un abbonamento per accedere ai nostri servizi. Come indicato nella cookie policy , l’accettazione implica la possibilità per il Sole 24 Ore e per alcuni partner di archiviare e/o accedere a informazioni su un dispositivo, accedere a dati di geolocalizzazione precisi e identificazione attraverso la scansione del dispositivo per: annunci e contenuti personalizzati, valutazione degli annunci e del contenuto, osservazioni del pubblico e sviluppo di prodotti. Accetto Preferenze Già abbonato? Accedi Rifiuta e abbonati Informazioni sulla vostra privacy Trattiamo i vostri dati per fornire contenuti o annunci pubblicitari e analizzare la consegna di tali contenuti o annunci al fine di estrarre approfondimenti sul nostro sito Web. Condividiamo queste informazioni con i nostri partner sulla base del consenso. È possibile esercitare il diritto di fornire il consenso, sulla base di una finalità specifica qui sotto o a livello di partner nel link sotto ogni finalità. Queste scelte verranno segnalate ai nostri fornitori partecipanti al Framework del consenso e trasparenza. Informativa sui cookie Consenti tutti Gestisci preferenze consenso Cookie di funzionalità Cookie di funzionalità Questi cookie consentono al sito di fornire funzionalità e personalizzazione avanzate. Possono essere impostati da noi o da provider di terze parti i cui servizi sono stati aggiunto alle nostre pagine. Se non si autorizzano questi cookie, alcuni o tutti questi servizi potrebbero non funzionare correttamente. Dettagli dei cookie‎ Cookie per pubblicità mirata Cookie per pubblicità mirata Questi cookie possono essere impostati tramite il nostro sito dai nostri partner pubblicitari. Possono essere utilizzati da queste aziende per costruire un profilo dei tuoi interessi e mostrarti annunci pertinenti su altri siti. Non memorizzano direttamente informazioni personali, ma sono basati unicamente sull'individuazione del tuo browser e del tuo dispositivo internet. Se non si accettano questi cookie, riceverai una pubblicità meno mirata. Dettagli dei cookie‎ Cookie strettamente necessari Sempre attivi Questi cookie sono necessari per il funzionamento del sito e non possono essere disattivati ​​nei nostri sistemi. Di solito vengono impostati solo in risposta alle azioni da te effettuate che costituiscono una richiesta di servizi, come l'impostazione delle preferenze di privacy, l'accesso o la compilazione di moduli. È possibile impostare il browser per bloccare o avere avvisi riguardo questi cookie, ma di conseguenza alcune parti del sito non funzioneranno. Questi cookie non archiviano informazioni personali. Cookie di prestazione Sempre attivi Questi cookie ci permettono di contare le visite e fonti di traffico in modo da poter misurare e migliorare le prestazioni del nostro sito. Ci aiutano a sapere quali sono le pagine più e meno popolari e vedere come i visitatori si muovono intorno al sito. Tutte le informazioni raccolte dai cookie sono aggregate e quindi anonime. Se non consenti questi cookie, non sapremo quando hai visitato il nostro sito. Dettagli dei cookie‎ Archiviare informazioni su dispositivo e/o accedervi 593 i fornitori possono utilizzare questa finalità Archiviare informazioni su dispositivo e/o accedervi Cookie, dispositivi o analoghi identificatori online (ad es. identificatori basati sull’accesso, identificatori assegnati casualmente, identificatori basati sulla rete) insieme ad altre informazioni (ad es. tipo di browser e informazioni sul browser, lingua, dimensioni dello schermo, tecnologie supportate, ecc.) possono essere memorizzati sul o letti dal dispositivo dell’utente per riconoscerlo ogniqualvolta l’utente si connette a un’app o a un sito web, per una o più finalità qui presentate. Elenco dei fornitori IAB‎ | Visualizza illustrazioni Pubblicità e contenuti personalizzati, valutazione dei contenuti e dell’efficacia della pubblicità, ricerche sul pubblico, sviluppo di servizi 663 i fornitori possono utilizzare questa finalità Pubblicità e contenuti personalizzati, valutazione dei contenuti e dell’efficacia della pubblicità, ricerche sul pubblico, sviluppo di servizi Uso di dati limitati per la selezione della pubblicità 493 i fornitori possono utilizzare questa finalità Switch Label La pubblicità presentata all’utente su questo servizio può basarsi su dati limitati, come il sito web o l’app in uso, la posizione approssimativa, il tipo di dispositivo dell’utente o il contenuto con cui interagisce (o ha interagito) (ad esempio, per limitare il numero di volte in cui un annuncio viene presentato all’utente). Visualizza illustrazioni Creare profili per pubblicità personalizzata 437 i fornitori possono utilizzare questa finalità Switch Label Le informazioni sull’attività dell’utente su questo servizio (come i moduli inviati, i contenuti visualizzati) possono essere archiviate e combinate con altre informazioni riguardanti l’utente (ad esempio, informazioni tratte dall’attività precedente dell’utente sul servizio e su altri siti web o app) o utenti simili. Tali informazioni vengono, quindi, impiegate per creare o migliorare un profilo dell’utente (che potrebbe includere eventuali interessi e aspetti personali). Questa o altre entità potrebbero avvalersi del profilo dell’utente (anche in seguito) per presentare annunci più pertinenti sulla base dei possibili interessi dell’utente. Visualizza illustrazioni Uso dei profili per la selezione di pubblicità personalizzata 435 i fornitori possono utilizzare questa finalità Switch Label La pubblicità presentata all’utente sul servizio può basarsi sui suoi profili pubblicitari, che possono riflettere l’attività sul servizio o su altri siti web o app (come i moduli inviati, i contenuti visualizzati), possibili interessi e aspetti personali dell’utente. Visualizza illustrazioni Creare profili di contenuto personalizzato 192 i fornitori possono utilizzare questa finalità Switch Label Le informazioni sull’attività dell’utente sul servizio (ad esempio, i moduli inviati, i contenuti non pubblicitari visualizzati) possono essere archiviate e combinate con altre informazioni riguardanti l’utente (quali informazioni tratte dall’attività precedente dell’utente sul servizio o su altri siti web o app) o utenti simili. Tali informazioni vengono, quindi, impiegate per creare o migliorare un profilo dell’utente (il che potrebbe includere, ad esempio, possibili interessi e aspetti personali). Il profilo dell’utente può essere utilizzato (anche successivamente) per presentare contenuti che, a giudicare dai possibili interessi dell’utente, appaiono più pertinenti, ad esempio adattando l’ordine in cui i contenuti vengono mostrati, in modo da rendere ancora più facile per l’utente trovare contenuti che rispondano ai suoi interessi. Visualizza illustrazioni Uso dei profili per la selezione di contenuto personalizzato 168 i fornitori possono utilizzare questa finalità Switch Label I contenuti presentati all’utente sul servizio possono basarsi sui suoi profili di personalizzazione di contenuto, che possono riflettere la sua attività su questo o altri servizi (ad esempio, i moduli inviati, i contenuti visualizzati), i possibili interessi e aspetti personali, adattando, ad esempio, l’ordine in cui i contenuti vengono mostrati all’utente, in modo da rendere ancora più facile per l’utente trovare contenuti (non pubblicitari) che rispondano ai suoi interessi. Visualizza illustrazioni Valutare le prestazioni degli annunci 545 i fornitori possono utilizzare questa finalità Switch Label Le informazioni relative alla pubblicità presentata all’utente e al modo in cui l’utente interagisce con essa possono essere utilizzate per determinare il livello di efficacia di una pubblicità riguardo all’utente o ad altri utenti e se gli obiettivi della pubblicità sono stati raggiunti. Ad esempio, se l’utente ha visualizzato un annuncio, vi ha cliccato sopra, ha indotto l’utente ad acquistare un prodotto o a visitare un sito web, ecc. Ciò è molto utile per comprendere la pertinenza delle campagne pubblicitarie. Visualizza illustrazioni Valutare le prestazioni dei contenuti 265 i fornitori possono utilizzare questa finalità Switch Label Le informazioni relative ai contenuti presentati all’utente e al modo in cui l’utente interagisce con essi possono essere utilizzate per stabilire se i contenuti (non pubblicitari) hanno raggiunto, ad es., il pubblico previsto e incontrato i suoi interessi. Ad esempio, se l’utente legge un articolo, guarda un video, ascolta un podcast o guarda la descrizione di un prodotto, quanto tempo trascorre sul servizio, le pagine web visitate, ecc. Ciò è molto utile per comprendere la pertinenza dei contenuti (non pubblicitari) che vengono mostrati all’utente. Visualizza illustrazioni Comprendere il pubblico attraverso statistiche o interconnessioni di dati provenienti da fonti diverse 359 i fornitori possono utilizzare questa finalità Switch Label I report possono essere generati in base alla combinazione di set di dati (come profili utente, statistiche, ricerche di mercato, dati analitici) riguardanti le interazioni dell’utente e quelle di altri utenti con contenuti pubblicitari o (non pubblicitari) al fine di identificare caratteristiche comuni (ad esempio, per determinare quale pubblico target è più ricettivo a una campagna pubblicitaria o a determinati contenuti). Visualizza illustrazioni Sviluppare e migliorare i servizi 412 i fornitori possono utilizzare questa finalità Switch Label Le informazioni sull’attività dell’utente sul servizio, come l’interazione con annunci o contenuti, possono essere molto utili per migliorare prodotti e servizi e creare nuovi prodotti e servizi basati sulle interazioni dell’utente, il tipo di pubblico, ecc. Questa specifica finalità non include lo sviluppo o il miglioramento dei profili utente e degli identificatori. Visualizza illustrazioni Uso di dati limitati per la selezione dei contenuti 96 i fornitori possono utilizzare questa finalità Switch Label I contenuti presentati all’utente sul servizio possono basarsi su dati limitati, come il sito web o l’app in uso, la posizione approssimativa, il tipo di dispositivo dell’utente o il contenuto con cui interagisce (o ha interagito) (ad esempio, per limitare il numero di volte in cui un video o un articolo viene presentato all’utente). Visualizza illustrazioni Elenco dei fornitori IAB‎ Utilizzare dati di geolocalizzazione precisi 221 i fornitori possono utilizzare questa finalità Utilizzare dati di geolocalizzazione precisi Con il consenso dell’utente, la sua posizione precisa (entro un raggio inferiore a 500 metri) può essere utilizzata a supporto delle finalità illustrate nella presente informativa. Elenco dei fornitori IAB‎ Scansione attiva delle caratteristiche del dispositivo ai fini dell’identificazione 106 i fornitori possono utilizzare questa finalità Scansione attiva delle caratteristiche del dispositivo ai fini dell’identificazione In presenza del consenso dell’utente potrebbero essere richieste e venire utilizzate alcune caratteristiche specifiche del suo dispositivo per distinguerlo da altri dispositivi (come i font o i plug-in installati, la risoluzione dello schermo) a supporto delle finalità illustrate nella presente informativa. Elenco dei fornitori IAB‎ Garantire la sicurezza, prevenire e rilevare frodi, correggere errori 454 i fornitori possono utilizzare questa finalità Sempre attivi I dati dell’utente possono essere utilizzati per monitorare e prevenire attività inusuali e probabilmente fraudolente (ad esempio, con riguardo alla pubblicità, click di bot su annunci) e garantire che i sistemi e i processi funzionino correttamente e in modo sicuro. Possono anche essere utilizzati per correggere eventuali problemi riscontrati dall’utente, dall’editore o dall’inserzionista nella fornitura di contenuto e annunci e nell’interazione dell’utente con essi. Elenco dei fornitori IAB‎ | Visualizza illustrazioni Fornire e presentare pubblicità e contenuto 438 i fornitori possono utilizzare questa finalità Sempre attivi Alcune informazioni (quali indirizzo IP o funzionalità del dispositivo) vengono utilizzate per garantire la compatibilità tecnica del contenuto o della pubblicità e per facilitare la trasmissione del contenuto o dell’annuncio al dispositivo dell’utente. Elenco dei fornitori IAB‎ | Visualizza illustrazioni Abbinare e combinare dati provenienti da altre fonti di dati 304 i fornitori possono utilizzare questa finalità Sempre attivi Le informazioni sull’attività dell’utente sul servizio possono essere abbinate e combinate con altre informazioni sull’utente provenienti da varie fonti (ad esempio, l’attività dell’utente su un servizio online a parte, l’uso di una carta fedeltà in negozio o le risposte dell’utente a un sondaggio), a supporto delle finalità illustrate nella presente informativa. Elenco dei fornitori IAB‎ Collegare diversi dispositivi 295 i fornitori possono utilizzare questa finalità Sempre attivi A supporto delle finalità illustrate nella presente informativa, il dispositivo dell’utente potrebbe considerarsi collegato, con tutta probabilità, ad altri dispositivi appartenenti all’utente o alla sua famiglia (ad esempio, perché l’utente ha effettuato l’accesso a un medesimo servizio sia da telefono sia da computer o perché usa la stessa connessione Internet su entrambi i dispositivi). Elenco dei fornitori IAB‎ Identificare i dispositivi in base alle informazioni trasmesse automaticamente 421 i fornitori possono utilizzare questa finalità Sempre attivi Il dispositivo dell’utente potrebbe differenziarsi da altri dispositivi in base alle informazioni che invia automaticamente quando accede a Internet (ad esempio, l’indirizzo IP della connessione Internet o il tipo di browser utilizzato) a supporto delle finalità esposte nella presente informativa. Elenco dei fornitori IAB‎ Back Button Elenco dei cookie Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Conferma le mie scelte Rifiuta e abbonati

SMURFIT KAPPA ITALIA S.P.A. | LinkedIn LinkedIn e terze parti utilizzano cookie essenziali e non essenziali per fornire, rendere sicuri, analizzare e migliorare i nostri servizi e per mostrarti annunci pertinenti (inclusi annunci professionali e offerte di lavoro ) su LinkedIn e altrove. Per saperne di più, consulta la nostra Informativa sui cookie . Seleziona “Accetta” per accettare o “Rifiuta” per rifiutare i cookie non essenziali per questo utilizzo. Puoi aggiornare le tue scelte in qualsiasi momento nelle impostazioni . Accetta Rifiuta Vai al contenuto principale LinkedIn Articoli Persone Learning Lavoro Iscriviti ora Accedi SMURFIT KAPPA ITALIA S.P.A. Fabbricazione di carta e prodotti cartacei MILANO, Mi 205 follower Segui Visualizza tutti i dipendenti (52) Segnala azienda Chi siamo FABBRICAZIONE DI IMBALLAGGI IN CARTONE ONDULATO Settore Fabbricazione di carta e prodotti cartacei Sede principale MILANO, Mi Località VIA MONTI VINCENZO 12 MILANO, Mi 20123, IT Ottieni indicazioni Dipendenti presso SMURFIT KAPPA ITALIA S.P.A. Ilaria Corbisiero Assistente personale CEO Enrico Franchini Regional General Manager Nord-Est presso SMURFIT KAPPA ITALIA S.P.A. Sara Vicanovic Sales Development at Smurfit Kappa Italia Giancarlo Moncalvi Plant EHS coordinator/Plant HR Coordinator • presso Smurfit Kappa Italia Spa Vedi tutti i dipendenti Pagine simili Smurfit Kappa Fabbricazione di materiali da imballaggio e contenitori Lucart Fabbricazione di carta e prodotti cartacei Porcari, LUCCA DS Smith Industria manifatturiera ICT Group - Industrie Cartarie Tronchetti – ICT Spa Fabbricazione di carta e prodotti cartacei Burgo Group Fabbricazione di carta e prodotti cartacei Altavilla Vicentina, VI International Paper Fabbricazione di carta e prodotti cartacei Memphis, Tennessee MELINA CARRELLI SRL Trasporti, logistica, supply chain e stoccaggio Vignate, Lombardia Honeycomb Cargo, LLC Fabbricazione di materiali da imballaggio e contenitori Haakon Ltd. - International Reinsurance Intermediaries Assicurazioni Basel, Basel-Stadt BALL BEVERAGE PACKAGING ITALIA S.R.L. Vendita all’ingrosso di materiali da costruzione NOGARA, Vr Mostra altre pagine simili Mostra meno pagine simili Sfoglia le offerte di lavoro Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegnere di processo” 668 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Project Manager” 4.790 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “User Experience Designer” 355 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Software Engineer” 10.922 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegnere” 2.794 offerte di lavoro aperte Altre ricerche Altre ricerche Offerte di lavoro per “Traduttore” LinkedIn © 2024 Informazioni Accessibilità Contratto di licenza Informativa sulla privacy Informativa sui cookie Informativa sul copyright Informativa sul brand Controlli ospite Linee guida della community العربية (Arabo) Čeština (Ceco) Dansk (Danese) Deutsch (Tedesco) English (Inglese) Español (Spagnolo) Français (Francese) हिंदी (Hindi) Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesiano) Italiano (Italiano) 日本語 (Giapponese) 한국어 (Coreano) Bahasa Malaysia (Malese) Nederlands (Olandese) Norsk (Norvegese) Polski (Polacco) Português (Portoghese) Română (Rumeno) Русский (Russo) Svenska (Svedese) ภาษาไทย (Tailandese) Tagalog (Tagalog) Türkçe (Turco) Українська (Ucraino) 简体中文 (Cinese (Semplificato)) 正體中文 (Cinese (Tradizionale)) Lingua Accetta e iscriviti a LinkedIn Cliccando su “Continua” per iscriverti o accedere, accetti il Contratto di licenza , l’ Informativa sulla privacy e l’ Informativa sui cookie di LinkedIn. Accedi per vedere chi già conosci SMURFIT KAPPA ITALIA S.P.A. Accedi Piacere di rivederti Email o telefono Password Mostra Hai dimenticato la password? Accedi oppure Cliccando su “Continua” per iscriverti o accedere, accetti il Contratto di licenza , l’ Informativa sulla privacy e l’ Informativa sui cookie di LinkedIn. Nuovo utente di LinkedIn? Iscriviti ora oppure Cliccando su “Continua” per iscriverti o accedere, accetti il Contratto di licenza , l’ Informativa sulla privacy e l’ Informativa sui cookie di LinkedIn. Nuovo utente di LinkedIn? Iscriviti ora

Comunicati Stampa 2022 | Smurfit Kappa Powered by Cookiebot Consent Details [#IABV2SETTINGS#] About About cookies on this site We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyse site traffic and assist in our marketing efforts. Please select the type of cookies you would like to permit.  To manage or disable these cookies click on ‘Customise Cookie Settings’. For more information see our Cookie Policy and Privacy Statement Consent Selection Necessary Preferences Statistics Marketing CUSTOMISE COOKIE SETTINGS Necessary 49 Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Calendly 4 Learn more about this provider __cfruid This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP _ab This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Expiry : Session Type : HTML _mf This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Expiry : Session Type : HTML id Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTML Cookiebot 2 Learn more about this provider 1.gif Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Google 6 Learn more about this provider _GRECAPTCHA This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML rc::d-15# This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Investis Digital 3 Learn more about this provider ASP.NET_SessionId Preserves the visitor's session state across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP AWSALBTG Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP AWSALBTGCORS Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP bscookie This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Microsoft 4 Learn more about this provider AI_buffer Used in context with the "AI_sentBuffer" in order to limit the number of data-server-updates (Azure).  This synergy also allows the website to detect any duplicate data-server-updates. Expiry : Session Type : HTML AI_sentBuffer Used in context with the "AI_buffer" in order to limit the number of data-server-updates (Azure). This synergy also allows the website to detect any duplicate data-server-updates. Expiry : Session Type : HTML object(#-#-##:#:#.#) Holds the users timezone. Expiry : Session Type : HTML ai_session Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP RTB House 2 Learn more about this provider c Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP ts This cookie is necessary for the PayPal login-function on the website. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Stripe 3 Learn more about this provider __stripe_mid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP __stripe_sid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP m Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP Yandex 2 Learn more about this provider sync_cookie_csrf [x2] Used in connection with the synchronisation between the website and third-party Data Management Platform. The cookie serves to monitor this process for security reasons. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP broadcaster.walls.io otp.tools.investis.com recruit.hr-on.com 4 AWSALBCORS [x4] Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP calendly.com fonts.net 2 __cf_bm [x2] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP cdn.cookielaw.org 1 OptanonConsent Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP otp.tools.investis.com recruit.hr-on.com 3 AWSALB [x3] Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP recruit.hr-on.com smurfitkappa.concludis.de smurfitkappa.varbi.com 3 PHPSESSID [x3] Preserves user session state across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP smurfitkappa.varbi.com 1 language Saves the user's preferred language on the website. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP www.smurfitkappa.com 1 __RequestVerificationToken Helps prevent Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) attacks. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP www.smurfitkappa.com media.smurfitkappa.com 4 asd [x2] asd is a cookie used to identify the users' session on the server. The session used to store data in between off HTTP requests on server. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP BNES_asd [x2] Used by the Barracuda security firewall for cookie tamper protection purposes. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP yandex.com yandex.ru 2 i [x2] Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP Preferences 8 Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. Calendly 1 Learn more about this provider _calendly_session If consent is given by the visitor, this cookie allows the website to add events into the visitor's calendar. Expiry : 21 days Type : HTTP Google 1 Learn more about this provider maps/gen_204 Used in context with the website's map integration. The cookie stores user interaction with the map in order to optimize its functionality. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel RTB House 1 Learn more about this provider g Used in context with the language setting on the website. Facilitates the translation into the preferred language of the visitor. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP YouTube 1 Learn more about this provider yt-player-bandwidth Used to determine the optimal video quality based on the visitor's device and network settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML media.smurfitkappa.com www.smurfitkappa.com 2 shell#lang [x2] This cookie is used to determine the preferred language of the visitor and sets the language accordingly on the website, if possible. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP www.smurfitkappa.com media.smurfitkappa.com 2 BNES_shell#lang [x2] Used by the Barracuda security firewall for cookie tamper protection purposes. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Statistics 29 Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Appnexus 1 Learn more about this provider bounce Determines if a user leaves the website straight away. This information is used for internal statistics and analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Calendly 2 Learn more about this provider dd_cookie_test_# Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP 1 Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Session Type : HTML Google 6 Learn more about this provider collect Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _gat Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _gid Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider AnalyticsSyncHistory Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP Microsoft 1 Learn more about this provider ai_user Used by Microsoft Application Insights software to collect statistical usage and telemetry information. The cookie stores a unique identifier to recognize users on returning visits over time. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Siteimprove 3 Learn more about this provider heat.aspx Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel image.aspx Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel nmstat This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience. Expiry : 1000 days Type : HTTP Yandex 6 Learn more about this provider _ym_d Contains the date of the visitor's first visit to the website. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _ym_isad This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has any adblocker software in their browser – this information can be used to make website content inaccessible to visitors if the website is financed with third-party advertisement. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _ym_uid This cookie is used to collect non-personal information on the visitor's website behavior and non-personal visitor statistics. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _ym_retryReqs Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _ym3:0_reqNum Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yp Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP YouTube 1 Learn more about this provider yt-player-headers-readable Used to determine the optimal video quality based on the visitor's device and network settings. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML media.smurfitkappa.com www.smurfitkappa.com 2 SC_ANALYTICS_GLOBAL_COOKIE [x2] Used by Sitecore Engagement Analytics to identify the visitor on repeat visits to the website. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP www.smurfitkappa.com media.smurfitkappa.com 2 BNES_SC_ANALYTICS_GLOBAL_COOKIE [x2] Used by the Barracuda security firewall for cookie tamper protection purposes. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP yandex.com yandex.ru 4 yandexuid [x2] Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP ymex [x2] Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Marketing 76 Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Meta Platforms, Inc. 5 Learn more about this provider _fbp [x3] Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Adform 2 Learn more about this provider C Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP uid Registers a unique user ID that recognises the user's browser when visiting websites that use the same ad network. The purpose is to optimise display of ads based on the user's movements and various ad providers' bids for displaying user ads. Expiry : 2 months Type : HTTP Appnexus 3 Learn more about this provider anj Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP uuid2 Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP XANDR_PANID This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP Google 7 Learn more about this provider IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP pagead/landing Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP ads/ga-audiences Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel pagead/1p-conversion/#/ Pending Expiry : Session Type : Pixel pagead/1p-user-list/# Pending Expiry : Session Type : Pixel _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP LinkedIn 5 Learn more about this provider collect/ Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel bcookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP li_sugr Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP lidc Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP UserMatchHistory Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP RTB House 2 Learn more about this provider __rtbh.lid Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __rtbh.lid Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Taboola 6 Learn more about this provider #:session-data Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML eng_mt Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML t_gid This cookie assigns a specific visitor ID, when the visitor interacts with ads or content from the website - this allows the website to target the visitor with similar ads or content. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP t_pt_gid Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP taboola global:user-id Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML taboola_session_id This cookie is used to collect information on a visitor. This information will become an ID string with information on a specific visitor – ID information strings can be used to target groups with similar preferences, or can be used by third-party domains or ad-exchanges. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Wufoo 1 Learn more about this provider ep201 Saves user states across page requests when completing a web-based survey. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Yandex 7 Learn more about this provider sync_cookie_ok Used for data-synchronization with advertisement networks. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP yabs-sid Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP metrika_enabled Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP _ym#_lsid Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _ym_synced Tracks the user’s interaction with the website’s search-bar-function. This data can be used to present the user with relevant products or services. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _ym_uid Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML sync_cookie_image_finish Used for data-synchronization with advertisement networks. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel YouTube 22 Learn more about this provider #-# Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTML iU5q-!O9@$ Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTML LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB nextId Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP PREF Registers a unique ID that is used by Google to keep statistics of how the visitor uses YouTube videos across different websites. Expiry : 8 months Type : HTTP remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP requests Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP yt.innertube::nextId Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML Zemanta 1 Learn more about this provider v2/p/js/100121/PAGE_VIEW/ Pending Expiry : Session Type : Pixel adform.net adnxs.com creativecdn.com doubleclick.net taboola.com yandex.com 6 receive-cookie-deprecation [x6] Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Expiry : 2 months Type : HTTP mc.yandex.com yandex.com 3 bh [x3] Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP yandex.com yandex.ru 4 _yasc [x2] Collects data on the user across websites - This data is used to make advertisement more relevant. Expiry : 10 years Type : HTTP yuidss [x2] Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP yandex.ru yandex.com 2 yashr [x2] Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Unclassified 0 Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. We do not use cookies of this type. Cross-domain consent [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] [#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#] List of domains your consent applies to: [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#] Cookie declaration last updated on 5/4/24 by Cookiebot [#IABV2_TITLE#] [#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages. You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website. Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy. Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent. Do not sell or share my personal information Use necessary cookies only Allow selection Customize ALLOW ALL COOKIES Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics Vai al contenuto principale Investors Sedi Chi siamo Newsroom Contattaci [[selectcountryicon:Smurfit.default.CountrySelector]] Scegli il tuo paese Smurfit Kappa Group / English Europa (EMEA) [[expandicon:Smurfit.default.CountrySelector]] Austria Belgio (FR) Belgio (NL) Bulgaria Repubblica Ceca Danimarca Francia Germania Grecia Irlanda Italia Lettonia Lituania Marocco Paesi Bassi Norvegia Polonia Portogallo Serbia Slovacchia Spagna Svezia Svizzera Regno Unito America [[expandicon:Smurfit.default.CountrySelector]] Argentina Brasile Canada Cile Colombia Costa Rica Repubblica Dominicana Ecuador El Salvador Messico Perù Stati Uniti Prodotti e Servizi Espandi  Prodotti e Servizi Soluzioni end-to-end, dalla carta al packaging al riciclo Scopri tutti i prodotti e i servizi Packaging Bag-in-Box Display Macchine Confezionatrici Carta Carta e Cartone Riciclo Packaging eCommerce Imballaggi per eCommerce per migliorare la supply chain, la sostenibilità e la profittabilità di tutte le attività online. Retail Packaging Retail packaging per attirare l'attenzione dei consumatori in negozio ed aumentare le vendite. Packaging Industriale Le nostre soluzioni di packaging industriale sono progettate per proteggere i tuoi prodotti lungo la supply chain, Le Nostre Storie Espandi  Le Nostre Storie Scopri il nostro impegno per creare un mondo migliore per tutti noi Le Nostre Storie Persone Pianeta Comunità Clienti Tutte le storie Persone Ogni giorno le nostre persone danno vita ai nostri valori fondamentali di sicurezza, lealtà, integrità e rispetto. Pianeta Scopri alcuni dei modi in cui sosteniamo un pianeta più verde e più blu. Comunità Dai uno sguardo alle nostre storie per vedere come stiamo costruendo un futuro sostenibile nelle nostre comunità. Settori Espandi  Settori La nostra competenza sul mercato, il successo della tua attività Scopri tutti i settori Settore Automobilistico Prodotti da Forno Bevande Prodotti Chimici Prodotti Dolciari Patatine e Snacks Latte e Derivati Elettronica Moda Fiori Prodotti Confezionati Ortofrutta Prodotti Surgelati Arredamento Salute e Bellezza Pulizia Casa Prodotti Industriali Carne Pesce e Pollame Imballaggi e Carta Cibo per Animali Prodotti Farmaceutici Prodotti di Gomma e Plastica Tabacco eCommerce Innovazione Espandi  Innovazione Il nostro processo di innovazione inizia con un approccio scientifico Visita la nostra sezione Innovazione Approccio all'Innovazione Area Ricerca e Sviluppo Centri Ricerca e Sviluppo Experience Centre Strumenti Storie di Successo Experience Centre Sperimenta in modo pratico l’impatto del packaging in ogni fase della supply chain, fino al consumatore. Design2Market Factory Il modo più veloce per lanciare il tuo nuovo packaging Strumenti Esplora la nostra gamma di strumenti esclusivi che consentono a tutte le nostre sedi di usare, raccogliere e valutare rapidamente idee ed informazioni provenienti da tutto il mondo. Chi Siamo Espandi  Chi Siamo Un leader mondiale nel packaging a base carta Visita la nostra sezione 'Chi Siamo' In Sintesi Cosa Facciamo Visione e Strategia Etica Sedi La Nostra Storia Open the future In sintesi Dai uno sguardo alla portata dei nostri stabilimenti in tutto il mondo. Open the future 'Open the future' è la nostra strategia di brand incentrata sul creare crescita per i nostri clienti attraverso la conoscenza e l'innovazione Etica Lealtà, integrità e fiducia sono i valori e le fondamenta su cui è costruita Smurfit Kappa. Sostenibilità Espandi  Sostenibilità Packaging sostenibile realizzato da persone e processi Visita la sezione sostenibilità Report di Sostenibilità Approccio alla Sostenibilità Pianeta Persone e Comunità Impatto Sociale Better Planet Packaging Certificazioni FSC® SDR Report Leggi come stiamo raggiungendo i nostri ambiziosi obiettivi di sostenibilità nel nostro 17° Report di Sviluppo Sostenibile Report della Ricerca In che modo la trasparenza crea valore aggiunto per la sostenibilità aziendale? Download Trova i nostri report, documenti e certificati nella pagina Download Carriera Espandi  Carriera Scopri le tue vere potenzialità e fai progredire la tua carriera Visita la nostra sezione Carriera Carriere Laureati Crescita dei Talenti Incontra le Nostre Persone Coinvolgimento dei Dipendenti Sicurezza Inclusione e Diversità Laureati Stai cercando un’azienda dove poter scoprire le tue vere potenzialità e far progredire la tua carriera? Sicurezza La nostra campagna ‘Safety for life’ sottolinea l’importanza di pratiche di lavoro sicure per garantirci di fare di Smurfit Kappa un posto ancora più sicuro in cui lavorare. Inclusione e Diversità 'EveryOne' è il nostro programma globale a favore della inclusione e della diversità per abbracciare e celebrare la nostra forza lavoro globale e multiculturale. Come possiamo aiutarti? Come posso aiutarti oggi? Sto cercando [[searchicon:Smurfit.default.HelpMenuSearchColumn]] [[selectcountryicon:Smurfit.default.CountrySelector]] Scegli il tuo paese Smurfit Kappa Group / English Europa (EMEA) [[expandicon:Smurfit.default.CountrySelector]] Austria Belgio (FR) Belgio (NL) Bulgaria Repubblica Ceca Danimarca Francia Germania Grecia Irlanda Italia Lettonia Lituania Marocco Paesi Bassi Norvegia Polonia Portogallo Serbia Slovacchia Spagna Svezia Svizzera Regno Unito America [[expandicon:Smurfit.default.CountrySelector]] Argentina Brasile Canada Cile Colombia Costa Rica Repubblica Dominicana Ecuador El Salvador Messico Perù Stati Uniti Prodotti e Servizi Espandi  Prodotti e Servizi Soluzioni end-to-end, dalla carta al packaging al riciclo Scopri tutti i prodotti e i servizi Packaging Bag-in-Box Display Macchine Confezionatrici Carta Carta e Cartone Riciclo Packaging eCommerce Imballaggi per eCommerce per migliorare la supply chain, la sostenibilità e la profittabilità di tutte le attività online. Retail Packaging Retail packaging per attirare l'attenzione dei consumatori in negozio ed aumentare le vendite. Packaging Industriale Le nostre soluzioni di packaging industriale sono progettate per proteggere i tuoi prodotti lungo la supply chain, Le Nostre Storie Espandi  Le Nostre Storie Scopri il nostro impegno per creare un mondo migliore per tutti noi Le Nostre Storie Persone Pianeta Comunità Clienti Tutte le storie Persone Ogni giorno le nostre persone danno vita ai nostri valori fondamentali di sicurezza, lealtà, integrità e rispetto. Pianeta Scopri alcuni dei modi in cui sosteniamo un pianeta più verde e più blu. Comunità Dai uno sguardo alle nostre storie per vedere come stiamo costruendo un futuro sostenibile nelle nostre comunità. Settori Espandi  Settori La nostra competenza sul mercato, il successo della tua attività Scopri tutti i settori Settore Automobilistico Prodotti da Forno Bevande Prodotti Chimici Prodotti Dolciari Patatine e Snacks Latte e Derivati Elettronica Moda Fiori Prodotti Confezionati Ortofrutta Prodotti Surgelati Arredamento Salute e Bellezza Pulizia Casa Prodotti Industriali Carne Pesce e Pollame Imballaggi e Carta Cibo per Animali Prodotti Farmaceutici Prodotti di Gomma e Plastica Tabacco eCommerce Innovazione Espandi  Innovazione Il nostro processo di innovazione inizia con un approccio scientifico Visita la nostra sezione Innovazione Approccio all'Innovazione Area Ricerca e Sviluppo Centri Ricerca e Sviluppo Experience Centre Strumenti Storie di Successo Experience Centre Sperimenta in modo pratico l’impatto del packaging in ogni fase della supply chain, fino al consumatore. Design2Market Factory Il modo più veloce per lanciare il tuo nuovo packaging Strumenti Esplora la nostra gamma di strumenti esclusivi che consentono a tutte le nostre sedi di usare, raccogliere e valutare rapidamente idee ed informazioni provenienti da tutto il mondo. Chi Siamo Espandi  Chi Siamo Un leader mondiale nel packaging a base carta Visita la nostra sezione 'Chi Siamo' In Sintesi Cosa Facciamo Visione e Strategia Etica Sedi La Nostra Storia Open the future In sintesi Dai uno sguardo alla portata dei nostri stabilimenti in tutto il mondo. Open the future 'Open the future' è la nostra strategia di brand incentrata sul creare crescita per i nostri clienti attraverso la conoscenza e l'innovazione Etica Lealtà, integrità e fiducia sono i valori e le fondamenta su cui è costruita Smurfit Kappa. Sostenibilità Espandi  Sostenibilità Packaging sostenibile realizzato da persone e processi Visita la sezione sostenibilità Report di Sostenibilità Approccio alla Sostenibilità Pianeta Persone e Comunità Impatto Sociale Better Planet Packaging Certificazioni FSC® SDR Report Leggi come stiamo raggiungendo i nostri ambiziosi obiettivi di sostenibilità nel nostro 17° Report di Sviluppo Sostenibile Report della Ricerca In che modo la trasparenza crea valore aggiunto per la sostenibilità aziendale? Download Trova i nostri report, documenti e certificati nella pagina Download Carriera Espandi  Carriera Scopri le tue vere potenzialità e fai progredire la tua carriera Visita la nostra sezione Carriera Carriere Laureati Crescita dei Talenti Incontra le Nostre Persone Coinvolgimento dei Dipendenti Sicurezza Inclusione e Diversità Laureati Stai cercando un’azienda dove poter scoprire le tue vere potenzialità e far progredire la tua carriera? Sicurezza La nostra campagna ‘Safety for life’ sottolinea l’importanza di pratiche di lavoro sicure per garantirci di fare di Smurfit Kappa un posto ancora più sicuro in cui lavorare. Inclusione e Diversità 'EveryOne' è il nostro programma globale a favore della inclusione e della diversità per abbracciare e celebrare la nostra forza lavoro globale e multiculturale. Investors Sedi Chi siamo Newsroom Contattaci Home Separatore delle sezioni nel menu di navigazione Newsroom Separatore delle sezioni nel menu di navigazione 2022 Comunicati Stampa Clicca per espandere Pubblicazioni Relazioni con i media Bilanci Comunicati Stampa 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Clicca per espandere Pubblicazioni Clicca per espandere Relazioni con i media Clicca per espandere Bilanci Clicca per espandere 2022 News 15 dic 2022 World first as hydrogen successfully trialled at Smurfit Kappa plant with HYFLEXPOWER demonstrator News 25 nov 2022 Nell'head office di Novi una panchina rossa per ribadire il no alla violenza sulle donne News 24 nov 2022 Smurfit Kappa invests over €20 million in Central and Eastern Europe News 21 nov 2022 SavetheBottle premiato da Conai a Ecopack 2022 News 10 nov 2022 Con Smurfit Kappa Italia e Mapei una sostenibilità all’insegna delle mele News 22 ott 2022 Grazie alla Fondazione Smurfit Kappa inaugurato il nuovo spazio di Fior di Loto Onlus News 21 ott 2022 Smurfit Kappa paper mill unveils new sustainable innovation News 13 ott 2022 Smurfit Kappa to invest $100 million to drive down emissions in Colombia News 13 ott 2022 Smurfit Kappa Italia presenta Quick&Easy Display News 06 ott 2022 Smurfit Kappa Italia certificata ISO 45001 News 20 set 2022 Click-to-Lock e TopLock: scatole sostenibili e sicure a prova di bambino News 16 set 2022 Smurfit Kappa acquires packaging plant in Rio de Janeiro Load more Prodotti [[collapseicon:Smurfit.default.CollapsibleList]] Packaging Bag-in-Box Display Macchine Confezionatrici Carta Carta e Cartone Riciclo Innovazione [[collapseicon:Smurfit.default.CollapsibleList]] Approccio all'Innovazione Area Ricerca e Sviluppo Centri di Ricerca e Sviluppo Experience Centre Strumenti Casi di Successo Sostenibilità [[collapseicon:Smurfit.default.CollapsibleList]] Report di Sostenibilità Approccio alla Sostenibilità Pianeta Persone Impatto Sociale Better Planet Packaging Certificati FSC® Chi Siamo [[collapseicon:Smurfit.default.CollapsibleList]] In Sintesi Cosa Facciamo Visione e Strategia Etica Sedi La Nostra Storia Open the future Carriera [[collapseicon:Smurfit.default.CollapsibleList]] Carriere Laureati Crescita dei Talenti Incontra le Nostre Persone Coinvolgimento dei Dipendenti Sicurezza Inclusione e Diversità Sedi Newsroom Chi Siamo Accessibilità Informativa sui Cookie Dati Societari Modelli Organizzativi Informativa sulla Privacy © 2024 Smurfit Kappa

