SOL Spa — SOL Powered by Cookiebot Consent Details [#IABV2SETTINGS#] About This website uses cookies This website uses technical and analytical cookies to collect data in order to create statistics to improve the quality of our site web. You can accept or refuse our cookies by clicking on the following buttons. If you want to know more about our cookie policy, click on the cookie policy link on our website. Consent Selection Technical Preferences Analytics Profiling Show details Technical 3 Technical cookies are those used for the sole purpose of "carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network, or as strictly necessary for the provider of an information society service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user to provide this service" (see Article 122, paragraph 1, of the Code). They are not used for other purposes and are normally installed directly by the owner or manager of the website. Cookiebot 2 Learn more about this provider 1.gif Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP www.sol.it 1 areYourCookiesEnabled Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Preferences 0 Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. We do not use cookies of this type. Analytics 0 These cookies are used to collect information on the use of the Website by its users (number of visitors, pages visited, time spent on the website, etc.). We do not use cookies of this type. Profiling 0 These cookies are necessary to create user profiles in order to send advertisement messages in line with the preferences manifested by the user within the Website’s pages. Profiling Cookies - Social Media :  These third-party cookies enable users to interact with social networks (Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Vimeo, etc.), and to share website contents through said channels. Profiling Cookies - Advertising : These third-party cookies allow the collection of data and interests of visitors, in order to build their detailed profile, which is subsequently used for marketing purposes. This way, users shall be able to receive personalised and targeted advertisement communications based on their interests. We do not use cookies of this type. Unclassified 0 Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. We do not use cookies of this type. Cross-domain consent [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] [#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#] List of domains your consent applies to: [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#] Cookie declaration last updated on 5/6/24 by Cookiebot [#IABV2_TITLE#] [#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] EXTENDED COOKIE POLICY Pursuant to current legislation on the protection of personal data ("Privacy Law"), included in EU Reg. 2016/679 ("GDPR") and the Provision of the Guarantor for the protection of personal data ("Privacy Guarantor") no. 229/2014 on the identification of simplified procedures for the information and the acquisition of consent for the use of cookies, SOL S.p.A., Via Borgazzi 27 -  20900 Monza(MB) - Italia, VAT IT00771260965 , as data controller (the "Owner") provides you with the following information relating to cookies installed on this domain and its subdomains and/or other domains of the data controller reachable through this website. What are cookies? The cookie is a text file that contains segments of information sent by the Web Server and stored on the visitor's device. The cookie has multiple purposes including, for example: Make navigation more efficient Identify the user Memorize the "cart" Create personalized ads Collect data for navigation statistics Cookies can be stored permanently on your computer and have a variable duration (so-called persistent cookies), but they can also disappear when the browser is closed or have a limited duration (so-called session cookies). Cookies can be installed by the site you are visiting (so-called first-party cookies) or they can be installed by other websites (so-called third-party cookies). Types of cookies used and related purposes Technical cookies Technical cookies are those used for the sole purpose of "carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network, or as strictly necessary for the provider of an information society service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user to provide this service" (see Article 122, paragraph 1, of the Code). They are not used for other purposes and are normally installed directly by the owner or manager of the website. They can be divided into: navigation or session cookies , which guarantee normal navigation and use of the website (allowing, for example, to make a purchase or authenticate to access restricted areas); analytics cookies , similar to technical cookies when used directly by the site operator to collect information, in aggregate form, on the number of users and how they visit the site; functionality cookies , which allow the user to navigate according to a series of selected criteria (for example, the language, the products selected for purchase) in order to improve the service rendered to the same. For the installation of these cookies, the prior consent of the users is not required, while the obligation to provide the information pursuant to art. 13 and 14 Reg. (EU) 2016/679, which the site manager, if he uses only such devices, can provide in the manner he deems most suitable. If analytical cookies are made available by third parties, the owners are not subject to obligations if: tools are adopted that reduce the identifying power of cookies (for example by masking significant portions of the IP); the third party undertakes not to cross-reference the information contained in the cookies with others it already has. Analytics cookies These cookies are used to collect information on the use of the site by users (number of visitors, pages visited, time spent on the site, etc.). Profiling cookies These cookies are necessary to create user profiles in order to send advertising messages in line with the preferences expressed by the user within the pages of the Site. The Site does not use profiling cookies. Profiling cookies - Social media These third-party cookies allow users to interact with social networks (Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, etc.) and in particular to share site content through the aforementioned channels. Profiling cookies - Advertising These third-party cookies make it possible to collect visitor data and interests, in order to build a detailed profile of them which is subsequently used for marketing purposes. In this way, users will be able to receive personalized and targeted advertisements based on their interests. Consent General rules: For the installation of non-technical cookies, the active consent of Internet users is required The expression of the user's will expressed through a pre-selected checkbox that the user must deselect in order to deny his consent is not considered valid Consent must be specific for each specific purpose. Consent must be recorded and available for any checks To obtain valid consent, users must also be informed in advance of data retention and the transfer of their data to third parties The expression of the user's will expressed by "scrolling" the page or "clicking" on another area of ​​the web page is not to be considered valid It must be distinguished from the written acceptance of the general conditions of service. It must always be possible to withdraw consent. This revocation must be recorded and available in case of verification. For this purpose, the use of an additional technical cookie is recommended Consents that include all cookies are not allowed, such as: "by continuing to browse this site, you accept the use of cookies" unless the website only has anonymous technical and/or analytical cookies It must be renewed at appropriate intervals, maintaining the user's preferences (not only acceptance but also refusal) for the established period, avoiding requesting them every time the user visits the page. Management of cookie preferences When you first access any page of the Site, there is a banner containing a brief information note. Consent to the use of cookies is registered with a "technical cookie". You can learn about the information and how to disable third-party cookies by clicking on the links contained in the "Data processing" item in the table below. Finally, you can oppose the registration of cookies on your hard disk by configuring your browser to disable cookies. Below are the methods offered by the main browsers: Internet Explorer Open Internet Explorer; Click on the "Tools" button and then on "Internet Options"; Select the "Privacy" tab and move the slider to the level of privacy you wish to set (up to block all cookies or down to allow them all); Then click on “Ok”. Google Chrome Open Google Chrome; Click on the "Tools" icon; Select "Settings" and then "Advanced settings"; Select "Content settings" under the heading "Privacy"; In the "Cookies" tab, you can deselect cookies and save your preferences. Firefox Open Firefox; Press the "Alt" button on the keyboard; In the toolbar located at the top of the browser, select "Tools" and then "Options"; Then select the "Privacy" tab; Go to "History Settings" and then to "Use custom settings"; Deselect "Accept cookies from sites" and save your preferences. Opera Open Opera; Click on "Settings" in the browser menu and select "Settings"; Select “Quick preferences”; Deselect "Enable cookies"; Safari Open Safari; Choose "Preferences" in the toolbar, then select the "Security" panel in the following dialog; In the "Accept cookies" section you can specify if and when Safari should save cookies from websites. For more information click on the Help button (marked with a question mark); For more information about the cookies that are stored on your computer, click on "Show cookies". After these operations, however, some functions of the web pages may not be performed correctly. Communication and Disclosure of Data The data collected using cookies may be processed by employees and collaborators of the Data Controller as subjects authorized to process and/or system administrators. These data may also be processed by trusted companies that perform tasks of a technical and organizational nature on our behalf. These companies are our direct collaborators and perform the function of data controller. In particular, as part of the data processing carried out through this site, the Data Controller has appointed the company Sol S.p.A. as Data Processor, with regard to the management and technical maintenance of the site. Their list is constantly updated and is available upon request by sending a communication to the address below or an e-mail to info@sol.it . The data collected using cookies will not be disclosed to third parties. The data collected using the cookies of Google, Facebook, Twitter, Youtube may be transferred by these third parties outside the European Union, in particular in the United States of America, in accordance with the Privacy Law. In any case, for further information, please visit the relevant cookie policies of Google, Facebook, Twitter, Youtube. The data collected using cookies will not be disclosed. Your rights To exercise the rights referred to in Article 13 paragraph 2 letters b), c) and d) of the GDPR (including the right to obtain the indication of data concerning you, access, updating, rectification, the portability or cancellation of the same, as well as the limitation or opposition to the treatment, the possibility of proposing a complaint to a supervisory authority, etc.), it will be sufficient for you to write to the data controller Data Processor The complete list of Data Processors is available at the headquarters of the Data Controller. The SOL Group has availed itself of the right to appoint a group DPO body, with headquarters in Monza, Via G. Borgazzi n. 27 (MB-Italy) at the registered office of the parent company SOL S.p.A.. The data of the Members of the Body can be freely consulted at the Headquarters itself. The DPO body can be contacted by e-mail: organismodpo@solgroup.com . Referral For more information please see the Privacy Policies for this Website. Cookies used on this website Do not sell or share my personal information Deny Allow selection Customize Allow all Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics Investor Relations Schede di sicurezza Glossario E-commerce Portale clienti SOL in the World Albania GTS Gazra Teknike Shqiptare Sh.P.K Austria SOL Technische Gase GmbH Belgium BTG Bosnia TGT Tehnogas Fabrika Tehnickih Gasova Trn a.d. Croatia SOL Croatia d.o.o. UTP d.o.o. France SOL France Sas Germany SOL Deutschland SOL Kohlensäure Greece SOL Hellas A.E. Holland SOL Nederland B.V. Hungary SOL Hungary Kft India SOL India Ireland Irish Oxygen Italy BEHRINGER Srl DIATHEVA Srl ICOA Srl SG LAB SOL SPA Tesi Srl Morocco Flosit UK BTG Gases Republic of Macedonia TGS Tehnicki Gasovi Skopje a.d. Romania GTH Serbia SOL Srbija d.o.o. Slovenia SPG - SOL PLIN GORENJSKA d.o.o. TPJ, d.o.o., Jesenice Salta ai contenuti. | Salta alla navigazione English Italiano Home Chi siamo Profilo aziendale Etica e valori Sostenibilità Sicurezza, ambiente e qualità SOL per l'industria Food & Beverage Metal Production Metal Fabrication Chemistry & Pharma Oil & Gas Energy & Environment Speciality Gases SOL per la sanità Panoramica Servizi Impianti dispositivo medico Gas medicali Area clienti Prodotti e servizi Prodotti e servizi per l'industria Prodotti e servizi per la sanità Dove siamo Lavora con noi Lavorare in SOL Invia il tuo CV Posizioni aperte Il Gruppo SOL Home Dove siamo SOL Spa SOL Spa Info Nome: SOL Spa Nazione: Italia Indirizzo web: www.sol.it Headquarter SOL Spa Via Borgazzi, 27 20900 Monza (MB) Italy t +39 039 23 96 1 f +39 039 23 96 265 info@sol.it SOL per l'industria Hai bisogno di più informazioni? Contattaci SOL per la sanità Devi fare una segnalazione? Hai bisogno di informazioni? Contattaci Home Chi siamo Profilo aziendale Etica e valori Sostenibilità Sicurezza, ambiente e qualità SOL per l'industria Food & Beverage Metal Production Metal Fabrication Chemistry & Pharma Oil & Gas Energy & Environment Speciality Gases SOL per la sanità Panoramica Servizi Impianti dispositivo medico Gas medicali Area clienti Prodotti e servizi Prodotti e servizi per l'industria Prodotti e servizi per la sanità Dove siamo Lavora con noi Lavorare in SOL Invia il tuo CV Posizioni aperte Il Gruppo SOL Privacy Cookies Termini e condizioni Disclaimer Mappa del sito Accessibilità Copyright © 2024 - SOL Spa - Partita Iva: 00771260965

Homepage — SOL Group Powered by Cookiebot Consent Details [#IABV2SETTINGS#] About This website uses cookies This website uses technical and analytical cookies to collect data in order to create statistics to improve the quality of our site web. You can accept or refuse our cookies by clicking on the following buttons. If you want to know more about our cookie policy, click on the cookie policy link on our website. Consent Selection Technical Preferences Analytics Profiling Show details Technical 4 Technical cookies are those used for the sole purpose of "carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network, or as strictly necessary for the provider of an information society service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user to provide this service" (see Article 122, paragraph 1, of the Code). They are not used for other purposes and are normally installed directly by the owner or manager of the website. Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Google 2 Learn more about this provider rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML www.solgroup.com 1 areYourCookiesEnabled Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Preferences 0 Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. We do not use cookies of this type. Analytics 0 These cookies are used to collect information on the use of the Website by its users (number of visitors, pages visited, time spent on the website, etc.). We do not use cookies of this type. Profiling 0 These cookies are necessary to create user profiles in order to send advertisement messages in line with the preferences manifested by the user within the Website’s pages. Profiling Cookies - Social Media :  These third-party cookies enable users to interact with social networks (Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Vimeo, etc.), and to share website contents through said channels. Profiling Cookies - Advertising : These third-party cookies allow the collection of data and interests of visitors, in order to build their detailed profile, which is subsequently used for marketing purposes. This way, users shall be able to receive personalised and targeted advertisement communications based on their interests. We do not use cookies of this type. Unclassified 0 Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. We do not use cookies of this type. Cross-domain consent [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] [#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#] List of domains your consent applies to: [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#] Cookie declaration last updated on 5/2/24 by Cookiebot [#IABV2_TITLE#] [#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] EXTENDED COOKIE POLICY Pursuant to current legislation on the protection of personal data ("Privacy Law"), included in EU Reg. 2016/679 ("GDPR") and the Provision of the Guarantor for the protection of personal data ("Privacy Guarantor") no. 229/2014 on the identification of simplified procedures for the information and the acquisition of consent for the use of cookies, SOL SpA, Via Borgazzi 27 Monza - Italy, VAT 00771260965 , as data controller (the "Owner") provides you with the following information relating to cookies installed on this domain and its subdomains and/or other domains of the data controller reachable through this website. What are cookies? The cookie is a text file that contains segments of information sent by the Web Server and stored on the visitor's device. The cookie has multiple purposes including, for example: Make navigation more efficient Identify the user Memorize the "cart" Create personalized ads Collect data for navigation statistics Cookies can be stored permanently on your computer and have a variable duration (so-called persistent cookies), but they can also disappear when the browser is closed or have a limited duration (so-called session cookies). Cookies can be installed by the site you are visiting (so-called first-party cookies) or they can be installed by other websites (so-called third-party cookies). Types of cookies used and related purposes Technical cookies Technical cookies are those used for the sole purpose of "carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network, or as strictly necessary for the provider of an information society service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user to provide this service" (see Article 122, paragraph 1, of the Code). They are not used for other purposes and are normally installed directly by the owner or manager of the website. They can be divided into: navigation or session cookies , which guarantee normal navigation and use of the website (allowing, for example, to make a purchase or authenticate to access restricted areas); analytics cookies , similar to technical cookies when used directly by the site operator to collect information, in aggregate form, on the number of users and how they visit the site; functionality cookies , which allow the user to navigate according to a series of selected criteria (for example, the language, the products selected for purchase) in order to improve the service rendered to the same. For the installation of these cookies, the prior consent of the users is not required, while the obligation to provide the information pursuant to art. 13 and 14 Reg. (EU) 2016/679, which the site manager, if he uses only such devices, can provide in the manner he deems most suitable. If analytical cookies are made available by third parties, the owners are not subject to obligations if: tools are adopted that reduce the identifying power of cookies (for example by masking significant portions of the IP); the third party undertakes not to cross-reference the information contained in the cookies with others it already has. Analytics cookies These cookies are used to collect information on the use of the site by users (number of visitors, pages visited, time spent on the site, etc.). Profiling cookies These cookies are necessary to create user profiles in order to send advertising messages in line with the preferences expressed by the user within the pages of the Site. The Site does not use profiling cookies. Profiling cookies - Social media These third-party cookies allow users to interact with social networks (Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, etc.) and in particular to share site content through the aforementioned channels. Profiling cookies - Advertising These third-party cookies make it possible to collect visitor data and interests, in order to build a detailed profile of them which is subsequently used for marketing purposes. In this way, users will be able to receive personalized and targeted advertisements based on their interests. Consent General rules: For the installation of non-technical cookies, the active consent of Internet users is required The expression of the user's will expressed through a pre-selected checkbox that the user must deselect in order to deny his consent is not considered valid Consent must be specific for each specific purpose. Consent must be recorded and available for any checks To obtain valid consent, users must also be informed in advance of data retention and the transfer of their data to third parties The expression of the user's will expressed by "scrolling" the page or "clicking" on another area of ​​the web page is not to be considered valid It must be distinguished from the written acceptance of the general conditions of service. It must always be possible to withdraw consent. This revocation must be recorded and available in case of verification. For this purpose, the use of an additional technical cookie is recommended Consents that include all cookies are not allowed, such as: "by continuing to browse this site, you accept the use of cookies" unless the website only has anonymous technical and/or analytical cookies It must be renewed at appropriate intervals, maintaining the user's preferences (not only acceptance but also refusal) for the established period, avoiding requesting them every time the user visits the page. Management of cookie preferences When you first access any page of the Site, there is a banner containing a brief information note. Consent to the use of cookies is registered with a "technical cookie". You can learn about the information and how to disable third-party cookies by clicking on the links contained in the "Data processing" item in the table below. Finally, you can oppose the registration of cookies on your hard disk by configuring your browser to disable cookies. Below are the methods offered by the main browsers: Internet Explorer Open Internet Explorer; Click on the "Tools" button and then on "Internet Options"; Select the "Privacy" tab and move the slider to the level of privacy you wish to set (up to block all cookies or down to allow them all); Then click on “Ok”. Google Chrome Open Google Chrome; Click on the "Tools" icon; Select "Settings" and then "Advanced settings"; Select "Content settings" under the heading "Privacy"; In the "Cookies" tab, you can deselect cookies and save your preferences. Firefox Open Firefox; Press the "Alt" button on the keyboard; In the toolbar located at the top of the browser, select "Tools" and then "Options"; Then select the "Privacy" tab; Go to "History Settings" and then to "Use custom settings"; Deselect "Accept cookies from sites" and save your preferences. Opera Open Opera; Click on "Settings" in the browser menu and select "Settings"; Select “Quick preferences”; Deselect "Enable cookies"; Safari Open Safari; Choose "Preferences" in the toolbar, then select the "Security" panel in the following dialog; In the "Accept cookies" section you can specify if and when Safari should save cookies from websites. For more information click on the Help button (marked with a question mark); For more information about the cookies that are stored on your computer, click on "Show cookies". After these operations, however, some functions of the web pages may not be performed correctly. Communication and Disclosure of Data The data collected using cookies may be processed by employees and collaborators of the Data Controller as subjects authorized to process and/or system administrators. These data may also be processed by trusted companies that perform tasks of a technical and organizational nature on our behalf. These companies are our direct collaborators and perform the function of data controller. In particular, as part of the data processing carried out through this site, the Data Controller has appointed the company Sol S.p.A. as Data Processor, with regard to the management and technical maintenance of the site. Their list is constantly updated and is available upon request by sending a communication to the address below or an e-mail to info@sol.it . The data collected using cookies will not be disclosed to third parties. The data collected using the cookies of Google, Facebook, Twitter, Youtube may be transferred by these third parties outside the European Union, in particular in the United States of America, in accordance with the Privacy Law. In any case, for further information, please visit the relevant cookie policies of Google, Facebook, Twitter, Youtube. The data collected using cookies will not be disclosed. Your rights To exercise the rights referred to in Article 13 paragraph 2 letters b), c) and d) of the GDPR (including the right to obtain the indication of data concerning you, access, updating, rectification, the portability or cancellation of the same, as well as the limitation or opposition to the treatment, the possibility of proposing a complaint to a supervisory authority, etc.), it will be sufficient for you to write to the data controller Data Processor The complete list of Data Processors is available at the headquarters of the Data Controller. The SOL Group has availed itself of the right to appoint a group DPO body, with headquarters in Monza, Via G. Borgazzi n. 27 (MB-Italy) at the registered office of the parent company SOL S.p.A.. The data of the Members of the Body can be freely consulted at the Headquarters itself. The DPO body can be contacted by e-mail: organismodpo@solgroup.com . Referral For more information please see the Privacy Policies for this Website. Cookies used on this website Do not sell or share my personal information Deny Allow selection Customize Allow all Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics Salta ai contenuti. | Salta alla navigazione Governance Organi Sociali Documenti societari Relazioni sul governo societario Codice etico Investitori Risultati e presentazioni Comunicati stampa e avvisi SOL in Borsa Per gli azionisti Il Gruppo SOL nel mondo Contatti en it Chi siamo Il Gruppo La missione e i valori La nostra storia Le nostre attività Per il settore industriale Per le strutture sanitarie Per i pazienti a domicilio Per le biotecnologie Sostenibilità Il nostro impegno Le nostre persone L'energia rinnovabile Le certificazioni Il rapporto di sostenibilità News Lavora con noi en Chi siamo Indietro Chi siamo Il Gruppo La missione e i valori La nostra storia Le nostre attività Indietro Le nostre attività Per il settore industriale Per le strutture sanitarie Per i pazienti a domicilio Per le biotecnologie Sostenibilità Indietro Sostenibilità Il nostro impegno Le nostre persone L'energia rinnovabile Le certificazioni Il rapporto di sostenibilità News Lavora con noi Governance Indietro Governance Organi Sociali Documenti societari Relazioni sul governo societario Codice etico Investitori Indietro Investitori Risultati e presentazioni Comunicati stampa e avvisi SOL in Borsa Per gli azionisti Il Gruppo SOL nel mondo Contatti Info INNOVIAMO PER IL FUTURO DEL NOSTRO PIANETA Ci impegniamo nella ricerca di soluzioni innovative e sostenibili ascoltando i bisogni dei nostri clienti Le nostre Attività Promuoviamo il valore dell'integrazione Il Gruppo SOL partecipa al Digital Diversity Day, dove condivide e racconta il valore dell'inclusività VAI ALLA NEWS Contribuiamo alla diffusione della digitalizzazione Vivisol e Almawave firmano una partnership che le unisce nella ricerca di soluzioni e servizi innovativi nell’ambito dell’assistenza domiciliare VAI ALLA NEWS È online il nuovo video sui numeri chiave del Rapporto di Sostenibilità! Per saperne di più sull'approccio alla sostenibilità adottato dal Gruppo SOL Clicca qui Il Gruppo SOL tra gli Europe’s Climate Leaders 2022 Il Financial Times inserisce il Gruppo nella lista dei leader europei per la lotta al cambiamento climatico. VAI ALLA NEWS Miglioriamo la qualità della vita dei nostri pazienti Ci prendiamo cura del benessere dei pazienti presso il loro domicilio e presso i nostri centri di cura residenziali ad alta specializzazione Le nostre Attività UNA STORIA DI OLTRE 90 ANNI, UNA STORIA DI VALORI E DI “SAPER FARE” Un passato che racconta una storia di oltre 90 anni, fatta di uomini e donne tenaci, una storia di valori e di “saper fare” tramandati di generazione in generazione con coerenza e passione. Questi valori, da cui derivano precise responsabilità, ci hanno guidato sia negli anni di sviluppo vorticoso, che in quelli delle crisi economiche e finanziarie; sia in Italia, che in tutti gli altri Paesi nel mondo nei quali via via abbiamo iniziato ad operare; sia nel tradizionale settore dei gas tecnici, che in quelli sviluppati successivamente, dell’assistenza domiciliare, delle biotecnologie e delle energie rinnovabili. ALDO FUMAGALLI ROMARIO - Presidente Gruppo SOL MARCO ANNONI - Vice Presidente Gruppo SOL ultime news Il Gruppo SOL continua a rafforzare il suo percorso strategico di internazionalizzazione nel settore dell'assistenza domiciliare, in cui opera con le società VIVISOL. 02/05/2024 Approfondisci Il Gruppo SOL continua a rafforzare il suo percorso strategico di internalizzazione nel settore dell'assistenza domiciliare, in cui opera con le società VIVISOL. 28/03/2024 Approfondisci Il Gruppo SOL prosegue il percorso di internazionalizzazione nel settore dell'assistenza domiciliare, nel quale opera con le Società VIVISOL, con un nuovo investimento strategico. 27/10/2023 Approfondisci Il Gruppo SOL prosegue nel percorso di investimenti strategici nel settore dell’assistenza domiciliare, nel quale opera con le società VIVISOL. 09/10/2023 Approfondisci Il Gruppo SOL prosegue nella strategia di espansione internazionale nel settore dell’assistenza domiciliare nel quale opera tramite VIVISOL. 09/10/2023 Approfondisci Il Gruppo SOL prosegue nella strategia di espansione internazionale nel settore dei gas tecnici, nell’area di Amburgo. 09/10/2023 Approfondisci Risultati I NUMERI CHIAVE DEL 2023 1.487,1 MILIONI DI EURO DI FATTURATO 183,5 MILIONI DI EURO INVESTITI 63 OFFICINE FARMACEUTICHE 6.372 PERSONE Il Gruppo SOL nel mondo Salute e sicurezza, valori imprescindibili Il Gruppo SOL promuove l'impegno a favore della tutela della salute e sicurezza dei propri lavoratori all'interno di tutti i suoi stabilimenti, lungo tutta la filiera produttiva e presso le aziende terze. Al centro della nostra strategia c'è l'impegno costante nella promozione e formazione per l'adozione di comportamenti responsabili, un'attenta attività di analisi e reporting su incidenti e dei "quasi incidenti", e la raccolta e condivisione di esperienze in tutto il Gruppo. "Stay Alert, Be Safe" racchiude la filosofia e l'approccio del Gruppo SOL impegnato nel perseguire un percorso di sensibilizzazione per coltivare la cultura della prevenzione. Vai alle schede di sicurezza Attività i settori PER il settore industriale Nel settore industriale , il Gruppo fornisce gas tecnici, apparecchiature, impianti e servizi a clienti che operano nella maggior parte dei settori industriali. Scopri l'area PER LE STRUTTURE SANITARIE Il Gruppo si propone come partner del sistema sanitario fornendo prodotti medicinali, servizi e tecnologie per la gestione integrata dei flussi operativi interni alle strutture sanitarie. Scopri l'area PER I PAZIENTI A DOMICILIO Il Gruppo eroga attraverso Vivisol prestazioni e terapie rivolte a pazienti cronici che vengono assistiti fuori da un contesto ospedaliero. Scopri l'area PER LE BIOTECNOLOGIE Nel settore delle biotecnologie, il Gruppo ricerca e sviluppa test e servizi di analisi nel mondo della ricerca e della diagnostica clinica umana e animale. Scopri l'area Lavora con noi VUOI FARE PARTE DELLA NOSTRA AZIENDA? Trasparenza, lealtà, imparzialità, onestà, integrità, impegno continuo sulla qualità, miglioramento continuo della sicurezza sul lavoro e rispetto dell’ambiente sono valori fondamentali che il Gruppo SOL desidera trovare ed alimentare costantemente in tutti i suoi dipendenti. Invia la tua candidatura Decimo gruppo mondiale, sesto in Europa e maggiore operatore italiano indipendente dalle grandi multinazionali del settore, il Gruppo SOL è proiettato verso il futuro ma con salde radici nel passato. quick links home Chi siamo Le nostre attività Sostenibilità News Lavora con noi Governance Investitori Il Gruppo SOL nel mondo Contatti contatti Via Borgazzi, 27 - 20900 Monza (MB) Italy +39 039 23 96 1 info@sol.it P. IVA: 00771260965 Copyright © 2024 - All rights reserved
            - Privacy Policy - Termini e condizioni - Disclaimer - Cookie Policy

Chi siamo — SOL Powered by Cookiebot Consent Details [#IABV2SETTINGS#] About This website uses cookies This website uses technical and analytical cookies to collect data in order to create statistics to improve the quality of our site web. You can accept or refuse our cookies by clicking on the following buttons. If you want to know more about our cookie policy, click on the cookie policy link on our website. Consent Selection Technical Preferences Analytics Profiling Show details Technical 3 Technical cookies are those used for the sole purpose of "carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network, or as strictly necessary for the provider of an information society service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user to provide this service" (see Article 122, paragraph 1, of the Code). They are not used for other purposes and are normally installed directly by the owner or manager of the website. Cookiebot 2 Learn more about this provider 1.gif Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP www.sol.it 1 areYourCookiesEnabled Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Preferences 0 Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. We do not use cookies of this type. Analytics 0 These cookies are used to collect information on the use of the Website by its users (number of visitors, pages visited, time spent on the website, etc.). We do not use cookies of this type. Profiling 0 These cookies are necessary to create user profiles in order to send advertisement messages in line with the preferences manifested by the user within the Website’s pages. Profiling Cookies - Social Media :  These third-party cookies enable users to interact with social networks (Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Vimeo, etc.), and to share website contents through said channels. Profiling Cookies - Advertising : These third-party cookies allow the collection of data and interests of visitors, in order to build their detailed profile, which is subsequently used for marketing purposes. This way, users shall be able to receive personalised and targeted advertisement communications based on their interests. We do not use cookies of this type. Unclassified 0 Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. We do not use cookies of this type. Cross-domain consent [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] [#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#] List of domains your consent applies to: [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#] Cookie declaration last updated on 5/6/24 by Cookiebot [#IABV2_TITLE#] [#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] EXTENDED COOKIE POLICY Pursuant to current legislation on the protection of personal data ("Privacy Law"), included in EU Reg. 2016/679 ("GDPR") and the Provision of the Guarantor for the protection of personal data ("Privacy Guarantor") no. 229/2014 on the identification of simplified procedures for the information and the acquisition of consent for the use of cookies, SOL S.p.A., Via Borgazzi 27 -  20900 Monza(MB) - Italia, VAT IT00771260965 , as data controller (the "Owner") provides you with the following information relating to cookies installed on this domain and its subdomains and/or other domains of the data controller reachable through this website. What are cookies? The cookie is a text file that contains segments of information sent by the Web Server and stored on the visitor's device. The cookie has multiple purposes including, for example: Make navigation more efficient Identify the user Memorize the "cart" Create personalized ads Collect data for navigation statistics Cookies can be stored permanently on your computer and have a variable duration (so-called persistent cookies), but they can also disappear when the browser is closed or have a limited duration (so-called session cookies). Cookies can be installed by the site you are visiting (so-called first-party cookies) or they can be installed by other websites (so-called third-party cookies). Types of cookies used and related purposes Technical cookies Technical cookies are those used for the sole purpose of "carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network, or as strictly necessary for the provider of an information society service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user to provide this service" (see Article 122, paragraph 1, of the Code). They are not used for other purposes and are normally installed directly by the owner or manager of the website. They can be divided into: navigation or session cookies , which guarantee normal navigation and use of the website (allowing, for example, to make a purchase or authenticate to access restricted areas); analytics cookies , similar to technical cookies when used directly by the site operator to collect information, in aggregate form, on the number of users and how they visit the site; functionality cookies , which allow the user to navigate according to a series of selected criteria (for example, the language, the products selected for purchase) in order to improve the service rendered to the same. For the installation of these cookies, the prior consent of the users is not required, while the obligation to provide the information pursuant to art. 13 and 14 Reg. (EU) 2016/679, which the site manager, if he uses only such devices, can provide in the manner he deems most suitable. If analytical cookies are made available by third parties, the owners are not subject to obligations if: tools are adopted that reduce the identifying power of cookies (for example by masking significant portions of the IP); the third party undertakes not to cross-reference the information contained in the cookies with others it already has. Analytics cookies These cookies are used to collect information on the use of the site by users (number of visitors, pages visited, time spent on the site, etc.). Profiling cookies These cookies are necessary to create user profiles in order to send advertising messages in line with the preferences expressed by the user within the pages of the Site. The Site does not use profiling cookies. Profiling cookies - Social media These third-party cookies allow users to interact with social networks (Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, etc.) and in particular to share site content through the aforementioned channels. Profiling cookies - Advertising These third-party cookies make it possible to collect visitor data and interests, in order to build a detailed profile of them which is subsequently used for marketing purposes. In this way, users will be able to receive personalized and targeted advertisements based on their interests. Consent General rules: For the installation of non-technical cookies, the active consent of Internet users is required The expression of the user's will expressed through a pre-selected checkbox that the user must deselect in order to deny his consent is not considered valid Consent must be specific for each specific purpose. Consent must be recorded and available for any checks To obtain valid consent, users must also be informed in advance of data retention and the transfer of their data to third parties The expression of the user's will expressed by "scrolling" the page or "clicking" on another area of ​​the web page is not to be considered valid It must be distinguished from the written acceptance of the general conditions of service. It must always be possible to withdraw consent. This revocation must be recorded and available in case of verification. For this purpose, the use of an additional technical cookie is recommended Consents that include all cookies are not allowed, such as: "by continuing to browse this site, you accept the use of cookies" unless the website only has anonymous technical and/or analytical cookies It must be renewed at appropriate intervals, maintaining the user's preferences (not only acceptance but also refusal) for the established period, avoiding requesting them every time the user visits the page. Management of cookie preferences When you first access any page of the Site, there is a banner containing a brief information note. Consent to the use of cookies is registered with a "technical cookie". You can learn about the information and how to disable third-party cookies by clicking on the links contained in the "Data processing" item in the table below. Finally, you can oppose the registration of cookies on your hard disk by configuring your browser to disable cookies. Below are the methods offered by the main browsers: Internet Explorer Open Internet Explorer; Click on the "Tools" button and then on "Internet Options"; Select the "Privacy" tab and move the slider to the level of privacy you wish to set (up to block all cookies or down to allow them all); Then click on “Ok”. Google Chrome Open Google Chrome; Click on the "Tools" icon; Select "Settings" and then "Advanced settings"; Select "Content settings" under the heading "Privacy"; In the "Cookies" tab, you can deselect cookies and save your preferences. Firefox Open Firefox; Press the "Alt" button on the keyboard; In the toolbar located at the top of the browser, select "Tools" and then "Options"; Then select the "Privacy" tab; Go to "History Settings" and then to "Use custom settings"; Deselect "Accept cookies from sites" and save your preferences. Opera Open Opera; Click on "Settings" in the browser menu and select "Settings"; Select “Quick preferences”; Deselect "Enable cookies"; Safari Open Safari; Choose "Preferences" in the toolbar, then select the "Security" panel in the following dialog; In the "Accept cookies" section you can specify if and when Safari should save cookies from websites. For more information click on the Help button (marked with a question mark); For more information about the cookies that are stored on your computer, click on "Show cookies". After these operations, however, some functions of the web pages may not be performed correctly. Communication and Disclosure of Data The data collected using cookies may be processed by employees and collaborators of the Data Controller as subjects authorized to process and/or system administrators. These data may also be processed by trusted companies that perform tasks of a technical and organizational nature on our behalf. These companies are our direct collaborators and perform the function of data controller. In particular, as part of the data processing carried out through this site, the Data Controller has appointed the company Sol S.p.A. as Data Processor, with regard to the management and technical maintenance of the site. Their list is constantly updated and is available upon request by sending a communication to the address below or an e-mail to info@sol.it . The data collected using cookies will not be disclosed to third parties. The data collected using the cookies of Google, Facebook, Twitter, Youtube may be transferred by these third parties outside the European Union, in particular in the United States of America, in accordance with the Privacy Law. In any case, for further information, please visit the relevant cookie policies of Google, Facebook, Twitter, Youtube. The data collected using cookies will not be disclosed. Your rights To exercise the rights referred to in Article 13 paragraph 2 letters b), c) and d) of the GDPR (including the right to obtain the indication of data concerning you, access, updating, rectification, the portability or cancellation of the same, as well as the limitation or opposition to the treatment, the possibility of proposing a complaint to a supervisory authority, etc.), it will be sufficient for you to write to the data controller Data Processor The complete list of Data Processors is available at the headquarters of the Data Controller. The SOL Group has availed itself of the right to appoint a group DPO body, with headquarters in Monza, Via G. Borgazzi n. 27 (MB-Italy) at the registered office of the parent company SOL S.p.A.. The data of the Members of the Body can be freely consulted at the Headquarters itself. The DPO body can be contacted by e-mail: organismodpo@solgroup.com . Referral For more information please see the Privacy Policies for this Website. Cookies used on this website Do not sell or share my personal information Deny Allow selection Customize Allow all Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics Investor Relations Schede di sicurezza Glossario E-commerce Portale clienti SOL in the World Albania GTS Gazra Teknike Shqiptare Sh.P.K Austria SOL Technische Gase GmbH Belgium BTG Bosnia TGT Tehnogas Fabrika Tehnickih Gasova Trn a.d. Croatia SOL Croatia d.o.o. UTP d.o.o. France SOL France Sas Germany SOL Deutschland SOL Kohlensäure Greece SOL Hellas A.E. Holland SOL Nederland B.V. Hungary SOL Hungary Kft India SOL India Ireland Irish Oxygen Italy BEHRINGER Srl DIATHEVA Srl ICOA Srl SG LAB SOL SPA Tesi Srl Morocco Flosit UK BTG Gases Republic of Macedonia TGS Tehnicki Gasovi Skopje a.d. Romania GTH Serbia SOL Srbija d.o.o. Slovenia SPG - SOL PLIN GORENJSKA d.o.o. TPJ, d.o.o., Jesenice Salta ai contenuti. | Salta alla navigazione English Italiano Home Chi siamo Profilo aziendale Etica e valori Sostenibilità Sicurezza, ambiente e qualità SOL per l'industria Food & Beverage Metal Production Metal Fabrication Chemistry & Pharma Oil & Gas Energy & Environment Speciality Gases SOL per la sanità Panoramica Servizi Impianti dispositivo medico Gas medicali Area clienti Prodotti e servizi Prodotti e servizi per l'industria Prodotti e servizi per la sanità Dove siamo Lavora con noi Lavorare in SOL Invia il tuo CV Posizioni aperte Il Gruppo SOL Home Chi siamo Chi siamo Info Dal 1927 ad oggi La nostra azienda SOL nasce nel 1927 per iniziativa dei monzesi Giovanni Annoni e Aldo Fumagalli, con l’avviamento di due stabilimenti di produzione di ossigeno e acetilene, uno a Livorno e l’altro ad Ancona ed è oggi una società quotata alla Borsa di Milano. SOL Spa è leader in Italia nel settore della produzione e commercializzazione dei gas tecnici, industriali, puri e speciali e medicinali. I gas tecnici, che sono, tra gli altri, l’ossigeno, l’azoto, l’argon, l’acetilene, l’anidride carbonica, l’idrogeno, l’elio e le loro miscele, sono utilizzati nella maggior parte dei settori industriali, nella ricerca scientifica e nella medicina. SOL propone soluzioni personalizzate in funzione delle esigenze dei propri clienti, sviluppando tecnologie, processi ed impianti per l’utilizzo dei gas. L'offerta è completata dalla fornitura di apparecchiature e materiali  e di servizi per la gestione e l’ottimizzazione delle attività accessorie all'utilizzo dei gas. L’attenzione al cliente, la ricerca continua di prodotti ed applicazioni sostenibili ed, in generale, il rispetto dei valori aziendali costituisco il riferimento per il nostro operare quotidiano. SOL Spa fa parte del Gruppo SOL che opera nei settori dei Gas tecnici e medicinali, dell'Assistenza domiciliare, delle Biotecnologie e della Produzione di energia elettrica da fonti rinnovabili. Maggiori informazioni sul Gruppo SOL sono disponibili qui www.solgroup.com Navigazione Profilo aziendale Etica e valori Sostenibilità Sicurezza, ambiente e qualità Home Chi siamo Profilo aziendale Etica e valori Sostenibilità Sicurezza, ambiente e qualità SOL per l'industria Food & Beverage Metal Production Metal Fabrication Chemistry & Pharma Oil & Gas Energy & Environment Speciality Gases SOL per la sanità Panoramica Servizi Impianti dispositivo medico Gas medicali Area clienti Prodotti e servizi Prodotti e servizi per l'industria Prodotti e servizi per la sanità Dove siamo Lavora con noi Lavorare in SOL Invia il tuo CV Posizioni aperte Il Gruppo SOL Privacy Cookies Termini e condizioni Disclaimer Mappa del sito Accessibilità Copyright © 2024 - SOL Spa - Partita Iva: 00771260965

Il Gruppo — SOL Group Powered by Cookiebot Consent Details [#IABV2SETTINGS#] About This website uses cookies This website uses technical and analytical cookies to collect data in order to create statistics to improve the quality of our site web. You can accept or refuse our cookies by clicking on the following buttons. If you want to know more about our cookie policy, click on the cookie policy link on our website. Consent Selection Technical Preferences Analytics Profiling Show details Technical 4 Technical cookies are those used for the sole purpose of "carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network, or as strictly necessary for the provider of an information society service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user to provide this service" (see Article 122, paragraph 1, of the Code). They are not used for other purposes and are normally installed directly by the owner or manager of the website. Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Google 2 Learn more about this provider rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML www.solgroup.com 1 areYourCookiesEnabled Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Preferences 0 Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. We do not use cookies of this type. Analytics 0 These cookies are used to collect information on the use of the Website by its users (number of visitors, pages visited, time spent on the website, etc.). We do not use cookies of this type. Profiling 0 These cookies are necessary to create user profiles in order to send advertisement messages in line with the preferences manifested by the user within the Website’s pages. Profiling Cookies - Social Media :  These third-party cookies enable users to interact with social networks (Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Vimeo, etc.), and to share website contents through said channels. Profiling Cookies - Advertising : These third-party cookies allow the collection of data and interests of visitors, in order to build their detailed profile, which is subsequently used for marketing purposes. This way, users shall be able to receive personalised and targeted advertisement communications based on their interests. We do not use cookies of this type. Unclassified 0 Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. We do not use cookies of this type. Cross-domain consent [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] [#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#] List of domains your consent applies to: [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#] Cookie declaration last updated on 5/2/24 by Cookiebot [#IABV2_TITLE#] [#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] EXTENDED COOKIE POLICY Pursuant to current legislation on the protection of personal data ("Privacy Law"), included in EU Reg. 2016/679 ("GDPR") and the Provision of the Guarantor for the protection of personal data ("Privacy Guarantor") no. 229/2014 on the identification of simplified procedures for the information and the acquisition of consent for the use of cookies, SOL SpA, Via Borgazzi 27 Monza - Italy, VAT 00771260965 , as data controller (the "Owner") provides you with the following information relating to cookies installed on this domain and its subdomains and/or other domains of the data controller reachable through this website. What are cookies? The cookie is a text file that contains segments of information sent by the Web Server and stored on the visitor's device. The cookie has multiple purposes including, for example: Make navigation more efficient Identify the user Memorize the "cart" Create personalized ads Collect data for navigation statistics Cookies can be stored permanently on your computer and have a variable duration (so-called persistent cookies), but they can also disappear when the browser is closed or have a limited duration (so-called session cookies). Cookies can be installed by the site you are visiting (so-called first-party cookies) or they can be installed by other websites (so-called third-party cookies). Types of cookies used and related purposes Technical cookies Technical cookies are those used for the sole purpose of "carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network, or as strictly necessary for the provider of an information society service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user to provide this service" (see Article 122, paragraph 1, of the Code). They are not used for other purposes and are normally installed directly by the owner or manager of the website. They can be divided into: navigation or session cookies , which guarantee normal navigation and use of the website (allowing, for example, to make a purchase or authenticate to access restricted areas); analytics cookies , similar to technical cookies when used directly by the site operator to collect information, in aggregate form, on the number of users and how they visit the site; functionality cookies , which allow the user to navigate according to a series of selected criteria (for example, the language, the products selected for purchase) in order to improve the service rendered to the same. For the installation of these cookies, the prior consent of the users is not required, while the obligation to provide the information pursuant to art. 13 and 14 Reg. (EU) 2016/679, which the site manager, if he uses only such devices, can provide in the manner he deems most suitable. If analytical cookies are made available by third parties, the owners are not subject to obligations if: tools are adopted that reduce the identifying power of cookies (for example by masking significant portions of the IP); the third party undertakes not to cross-reference the information contained in the cookies with others it already has. Analytics cookies These cookies are used to collect information on the use of the site by users (number of visitors, pages visited, time spent on the site, etc.). Profiling cookies These cookies are necessary to create user profiles in order to send advertising messages in line with the preferences expressed by the user within the pages of the Site. The Site does not use profiling cookies. Profiling cookies - Social media These third-party cookies allow users to interact with social networks (Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, etc.) and in particular to share site content through the aforementioned channels. Profiling cookies - Advertising These third-party cookies make it possible to collect visitor data and interests, in order to build a detailed profile of them which is subsequently used for marketing purposes. In this way, users will be able to receive personalized and targeted advertisements based on their interests. Consent General rules: For the installation of non-technical cookies, the active consent of Internet users is required The expression of the user's will expressed through a pre-selected checkbox that the user must deselect in order to deny his consent is not considered valid Consent must be specific for each specific purpose. Consent must be recorded and available for any checks To obtain valid consent, users must also be informed in advance of data retention and the transfer of their data to third parties The expression of the user's will expressed by "scrolling" the page or "clicking" on another area of ​​the web page is not to be considered valid It must be distinguished from the written acceptance of the general conditions of service. It must always be possible to withdraw consent. This revocation must be recorded and available in case of verification. For this purpose, the use of an additional technical cookie is recommended Consents that include all cookies are not allowed, such as: "by continuing to browse this site, you accept the use of cookies" unless the website only has anonymous technical and/or analytical cookies It must be renewed at appropriate intervals, maintaining the user's preferences (not only acceptance but also refusal) for the established period, avoiding requesting them every time the user visits the page. Management of cookie preferences When you first access any page of the Site, there is a banner containing a brief information note. Consent to the use of cookies is registered with a "technical cookie". You can learn about the information and how to disable third-party cookies by clicking on the links contained in the "Data processing" item in the table below. Finally, you can oppose the registration of cookies on your hard disk by configuring your browser to disable cookies. Below are the methods offered by the main browsers: Internet Explorer Open Internet Explorer; Click on the "Tools" button and then on "Internet Options"; Select the "Privacy" tab and move the slider to the level of privacy you wish to set (up to block all cookies or down to allow them all); Then click on “Ok”. Google Chrome Open Google Chrome; Click on the "Tools" icon; Select "Settings" and then "Advanced settings"; Select "Content settings" under the heading "Privacy"; In the "Cookies" tab, you can deselect cookies and save your preferences. Firefox Open Firefox; Press the "Alt" button on the keyboard; In the toolbar located at the top of the browser, select "Tools" and then "Options"; Then select the "Privacy" tab; Go to "History Settings" and then to "Use custom settings"; Deselect "Accept cookies from sites" and save your preferences. Opera Open Opera; Click on "Settings" in the browser menu and select "Settings"; Select “Quick preferences”; Deselect "Enable cookies"; Safari Open Safari; Choose "Preferences" in the toolbar, then select the "Security" panel in the following dialog; In the "Accept cookies" section you can specify if and when Safari should save cookies from websites. For more information click on the Help button (marked with a question mark); For more information about the cookies that are stored on your computer, click on "Show cookies". After these operations, however, some functions of the web pages may not be performed correctly. Communication and Disclosure of Data The data collected using cookies may be processed by employees and collaborators of the Data Controller as subjects authorized to process and/or system administrators. These data may also be processed by trusted companies that perform tasks of a technical and organizational nature on our behalf. These companies are our direct collaborators and perform the function of data controller. In particular, as part of the data processing carried out through this site, the Data Controller has appointed the company Sol S.p.A. as Data Processor, with regard to the management and technical maintenance of the site. Their list is constantly updated and is available upon request by sending a communication to the address below or an e-mail to info@sol.it . The data collected using cookies will not be disclosed to third parties. The data collected using the cookies of Google, Facebook, Twitter, Youtube may be transferred by these third parties outside the European Union, in particular in the United States of America, in accordance with the Privacy Law. In any case, for further information, please visit the relevant cookie policies of Google, Facebook, Twitter, Youtube. The data collected using cookies will not be disclosed. Your rights To exercise the rights referred to in Article 13 paragraph 2 letters b), c) and d) of the GDPR (including the right to obtain the indication of data concerning you, access, updating, rectification, the portability or cancellation of the same, as well as the limitation or opposition to the treatment, the possibility of proposing a complaint to a supervisory authority, etc.), it will be sufficient for you to write to the data controller Data Processor The complete list of Data Processors is available at the headquarters of the Data Controller. The SOL Group has availed itself of the right to appoint a group DPO body, with headquarters in Monza, Via G. Borgazzi n. 27 (MB-Italy) at the registered office of the parent company SOL S.p.A.. The data of the Members of the Body can be freely consulted at the Headquarters itself. The DPO body can be contacted by e-mail: organismodpo@solgroup.com . Referral For more information please see the Privacy Policies for this Website. Cookies used on this website Do not sell or share my personal information Deny Allow selection Customize Allow all Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics Salta ai contenuti. | Salta alla navigazione Governance Organi Sociali Documenti societari Relazioni sul governo societario Codice etico Investitori Risultati e presentazioni Comunicati stampa e avvisi SOL in Borsa Per gli azionisti Il Gruppo SOL nel mondo Contatti en it Chi siamo Il Gruppo La missione e i valori La nostra storia Le nostre attività Per il settore industriale Per le strutture sanitarie Per i pazienti a domicilio Per le biotecnologie Sostenibilità Il nostro impegno Le nostre persone L'energia rinnovabile Le certificazioni Il rapporto di sostenibilità News Lavora con noi en Chi siamo Indietro Chi siamo Il Gruppo La missione e i valori La nostra storia Le nostre attività Indietro Le nostre attività Per il settore industriale Per le strutture sanitarie Per i pazienti a domicilio Per le biotecnologie Sostenibilità Indietro Sostenibilità Il nostro impegno Le nostre persone L'energia rinnovabile Le certificazioni Il rapporto di sostenibilità News Lavora con noi Governance Indietro Governance Organi Sociali Documenti societari Relazioni sul governo societario Codice etico Investitori Indietro Investitori Risultati e presentazioni Comunicati stampa e avvisi SOL in Borsa Per gli azionisti Il Gruppo SOL nel mondo Contatti Info Il Gruppo Home Chi siamo Il Gruppo Una realtà internazionale con solide radici Fondato nel 1927 in Italia, il Gruppo SOL opera nella produzione, ricerca applicata e commercializzazione di gas tecnici e medicali, nell’assistenza domiciliare, nelle biotecnologie e nella produzione di energia da fonti rinnovabili. Presente in 32 Paesi con 5.751 collaboratori, serve oltre 50.000 clienti industriali, 500 grandi clienti medicali e oltre 585.000 pazienti. Nel 2022, il fatturato è stato pari a 1.379,2 milioni di euro. La capogruppo SOL Spa è quotata alla Borsa Italiana dal luglio 1998. Risultati 2022 Il Gruppo SOL persegue una crescita e uno sviluppo economico-finanziario equilibrato e sostenibile, generando valore costante nel lungo termine. 47% degli investimenti indirizzati al settore dei gas tecnici 53% degli investimenti indirizzati al settore domiciliare Clienti e pazienti La centralità e la soddisfazione di clienti e pazienti sono obiettivi primari: ci impegniamo nella ricerca costante di servizi e soluzioni in grado di rispondere ai bisogni in campo industriale, medicale e sanitario. 50.000 Clienti industriali 585.000 Pazienti Assistiti Ambiente Il Gruppo SOL considera l’ambiente un patrimonio da proteggere nell’interesse di tutti: investiamo costantemente per migliorare i nostri processi produttivi e organizzativi, con l'obiettivo di ridurre l'impatto ambientale delle nostre attività. 28.824 Ton di CO₂ eq. evitate grazie produzione di energia da fonte rinnovabile 153.646 ton di CO₂ eq. recuperate da altri processi PERSONE Le persone sono un asset strategico per il successo del Gruppo. Abbiamo a cuore la tutela del loro benessere e la loro formazione, per favorire la crescita professionale, il coinvolgimento e il legame con l'azienda. 5.751 Collaboratori 94% Assunti a tempo indeterminato i settori Per l'industria Forniamo gas tecnici (compressi, liquefatti e criogenici), apparecchiature, impianti e servizi a clienti che operano nella maggior parte dei settori industriali: siderurgia, metallurgia, vetro e ceramica, metal fabrication, chimica e farmaceutica, alimentare e industria delle bevande, industria petrolifera e servizi per l’ambiente ed il trasporto di beni e persone. APPROFONDISCI Per le strutture sanitarie Ci rivolgiamo alle strutture ospedaliere (pubbliche e private), Istituti di Ricovero e Cura a Carattere Scientifico, Aziende Ospedaliere Universitarie, Centri di ricerca clinica, Centri di Procreazione Medicalmente Assistita, case di cura e residenze assistenziali, fornendo prodotti medicali e soluzioni per la gestione integrata dei flussi operativi interni alle strutture sanitarie. APPROFONDISCI Per i pazienti a domicilio Il Gruppo eroga prestazioni e terapie rivolte a pazienti cronici che vengono assistiti, per conto dei Sistemi Sanitari dei diversi Paesi, fuori da un contesto protetto come quello ospedaliero. Grazie a una consolidata esperienza nel settore, Vivisol si afferma oggi tra i principali Home Care Provider a livello europeo ed extraeuropeo. APPROFONDISCI Per le biotecnologie Il Gruppo è attivo negli studi di ricerca e sviluppo di test e servizi di analisi nel mondo della ricerca e della diagnostica clinica umana e animale. Personal Genomics, Diatheva e Cryolab sono le tre società biotech del Gruppo incentrate nello ricerca e nello sviluppo di molecole biotecnologiche, effettuano diagnostica genomica e genetica molecolare, sviluppano pipeline bioinformatiche per la gestione dei dati clinici, sviluppano test e servizi di analisi nel campo alimentare, ambientale e industriale. APPROFONDISCI Business Model vedi anche Sostenibilità Governance La missione e i valori Decimo gruppo mondiale, sesto in Europa e maggiore operatore italiano indipendente dalle grandi multinazionali del settore, il Gruppo SOL è proiettato verso il futuro ma con salde radici nel passato. quick links home Chi siamo Le nostre attività Sostenibilità News Lavora con noi Governance Investitori Il Gruppo SOL nel mondo Contatti contatti Via Borgazzi, 27 - 20900 Monza (MB) Italy +39 039 23 96 1 info@sol.it P. IVA: 00771260965 Copyright © 2024 - All rights reserved
            - Privacy Policy - Termini e condizioni - Disclaimer - Cookie Policy

Sol (azienda) - Wikipedia [ nascondi ] Libera la cultura. Dona il tuo 5×1000 a Wikimedia Italia . Scrivi 94039910156. Sol (azienda) Da Wikipedia, l'enciclopedia libera. Vai alla navigazione Vai alla ricerca SOL S.p.A. Stato Italia Forma societaria Società per azioni Borse valori Borsa Italiana : SOL Fondazione 1927 a Monza Fondata da Giovanni Annoni Aldo Fumagalli Sede principale Monza Persone chiave Aldo Fumagalli Romario ( presidente e AD ) Marco Annoni (vice presidente e AD ) Settore Chimico Prodotti gas tecnici e medicali assistenza medicale a domicilio biotecnologie energia idroelettrica rinnovabile Fatturato 1112,9 milioni di € [1] (2021) Utile netto 89,5 milioni di € [1] (2021) Dipendenti 4.000 [2] (2019) Sito web www.sol.it Modifica dati su Wikidata · Manuale SOL S.p.A. è una azienda italiana fondata nel 1927 a Monza e capofila del Gruppo Sol , la multinazionale che opera nel settore della produzione , ricerca e distribuzione di gas industriali e per uso medico allo stato liquido e gassoso , nel settore dell'assistenza domiciliare, nelle biotecnologie e nella produzione di energia idroelettrica rinnovabile. È quotata alla Borsa Italiana dove è presente nell'índice FTSE Italia Mid Cap . Indice 1 Storia 1.1 Gli inizi 1.2 Nasce Vivisol 2 Dati economici 3 Azionariato 4 Partecipazioni 5 Note 6 Collegamenti esterni Storia [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] Gli inizi [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] La società è fondata nel 1927 da alcune famiglie monzesi , Annoni e Fumagalli, per produrre e vendere ai cantieri navali di Livorno ed Ancona gas per saldatura ( ossigeno ed acetilene ). [3] Alla fine degli anni trenta Giovanni Annoni e Aldo Fumagalli restano gli unici proprietari. Nel secondo dopoguerra, con l'ingresso in azienda degli esponenti della seconda generazione (Alessandro e Renzo Annoni, Giulio e Ugo Fumagalli Romario), la società comincia a svilupparsi con i primi impianti "on site", ubicati vicino ai grandi clienti di base che sono le acciaierie e le vetrerie. Negli anni sessanta la SOL costruisce a Piombino un nuovo impianto per la produzione dell'ossigeno, collegato da un gasdotto, per soddisfare le crescenti richieste delle acciaierie locali . [3] Quando poi le acciaierie saranno prima commissariate e poi chiuse, il contraccolpo sul Gruppo Sol sarà pesante. A partire dagli anni settanta la società continua la sua espansione con la costruzione di impianti di frazionamento e liquefazione che permettono la distribuzione dei gas sotto forma liquida anche a clienti distanti centinaia di chilometri dai suoi centri di produzione. [4] Nasce Vivisol [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] Nel 1984 comincia ad espandersi in Europa con i primi stabilimenti, nel 1986 nasce Vivisol che offre inizialmente servizi di ossigenoterapia domiciliare per poi ampliare l'offerta, sempre nell'area respiratoria, alla ventilazione meccanica, alla cura delle apnee durante il sonno, alla nutrizione artificiale, all'assistenza sanitaria. Un'iniziativa che porterà Vivisol ad aprire dal 1991 varie filiali in Europa: negli anni Duemila avrà una sessantina di centri territoriali in grado di assistere 280.000 pazienti al giorno in Europa. Nel 1998, con l'arrivo in azienda degli esponenti della terza generazione (Marco Annoni e Aldo Fumagalli Romario), la società è quotata alla Borsa di Milano con un Ipo che, limitata inizialmente al 25% del capitale, raccoglie l'equivalente di 74 milioni di euro destinati ad azzerare i debiti finanziari e a sostenere i piani di crescita. Nel 2002 il Gruppo Sol entra nel settore della produzione di energia idroelettrica rinnovabile aprendo centrali prima in Slovenia , poi in Albania e in Macedonia. Nel 2010 entra nel settore delle biotecnologie con Biotech (si occupa del prelievo e della conservazione a scopi terapeutici delle cellule staminali contenute nel sangue del cordone ombelicale), nel 2012 rileva Diatheva, una società di Fano controllata dall' Università di Urbino e fondata nel 2002 dal prof. Mauro Magnani, specializzata nello sviluppo di biofarmaci per conto terzi e nella diagnostica molecolare. [5] Stringe poi un accordo con la veronese Personal Genomics, nata nel 2011 come spin off dell' Università di Verona , per le cure personalizzate. Nel 2015 il Gruppo Sol continua ad espandersi all'estero rilevando una società che produce gas in Marocco , a Casablanca . [6] Dati economici [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] Nel 2017 il Gruppo Sol ha registrato un fatturato consolidato di 756,8 milioni di euro (+7,6% rispetto al 2016). L'Ebitda è di 167,2 milioni (pari al 22,1% delle vendite), l'Ebit di 76,2 milioni (il 10,1% delle vendite ma in calo di 4,5 milioni nei confronti del 2016), l'utile di 40,2 milioni rispetto ai 44,1 milioni del 2016. [7] Nel 2019 il gruppo ha registrato un fatturato di 904,3 milioni (+8,5%), EBIT di 88,7 milioni (il 9,8% del fatturato), utile netto di 49,3 milioni. [2] Azionariato [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] La società è quotata alla Borsa Italiana dal luglio 1998.
La Gas and Technologies World B.V. (a sua volta controllata da Stichting Airvision), detiene il 59,978% del capitale sociale. [8] Al 2010 il flottante è pari a circa il 30% del capitale. Partecipazioni [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] La SOL S.p.A. è la capogruppo di 49 società operanti su due aree principali che riguardano la produzione e distribuzione di gas tecnici per l'industria e l'assistenza medicale a domicilio. [8] Opera in 23 paesi europei, in Turchia, Marocco, India, Brasile. [7] Note [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] ^ Salta a: a b solgroup.com , https://www.solgroup.com/it/investitori/comunicati-stampa-e-avvisi/comunicati-stampa/gruppo-sol-risultati-di-bilancio-consolidato-al-31-dicembre-2021 Titolo mancante per url url ( aiuto ) . ^ Salta a: a b Gruppo Sol, bilancio 2019 , su soldionline.it , 27 marzo 2020. URL consultato il 16 settembre 2020 . ^ Salta a: a b Le origini del gruppo ed i primi On Site , su sol.it . URL consultato il 6 giugno 2011 (archiviato dall' url originale il 5 marzo 2016) . ^ La crescita in Italia e le nuove tecnologie , su sol.it . URL consultato il 6 giugno 2011 (archiviato dall' url originale il 5 marzo 2016) . ^ Il Gruppo Sol acquista la maggioranza di Diatheva ( PDF ), su www2.sol.it , 2 luglio 2012. URL consultato il 23 luglio 2018 . ^ La Sol di Monza acquista un'azienda in Africa e il fatturato schizza su del 7% , su ilgiorno.it , 31 marzo 2015. URL consultato il 23 luglio 2018 . ^ Salta a: a b Gruppo Sol, bilancio consolidato 2017 ( PDF ), su solworld.com . URL consultato il 23 luglio 2018 (archiviato dall' url originale il 23 luglio 2018) . ^ Salta a: a b Sol Spa Bilancio d’Esercizio / Gruppo Sol Bilancio Consolidato 2010 ( PDF ), su sol.it . URL consultato il 6 giugno 2011 (archiviato dall' url originale il 5 marzo 2016) . Collegamenti esterni [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] Sito ufficiale , su sol.it . Portale Aziende : accedi alle voci di Wikipedia che trattano di aziende mostra V · D · M FTSE Italia All-Share A2A · Acea · Aedes · Aeffe · Aeroporto di Bologna · Alerion Clean Power · Algowatt · Alkemy · Ambienthesis · Amplifon · ANIMA · Aquafil · Ascopiave · Astaldi · ASTM · Autogrill · Autostrade Meridionali · Avio · Azimut · B&C Speakers · B.F. · Banca Farmafactoring · Banca Finnat Euramerica · Banca Generali · Banca IFIS · Banca Mediolanum · Banca MPS · Banca Popolare di Sondrio · Banca Profilo · Banca Sistema · Banco BPM · BasicNet · Bastogi · Be · Beewize · Beghelli · Bialetti Industrie · Biancamano · Biesse · Bioera · BPER Banca · Brembo · Brioschi · Brunello Cucinelli · Buzzi Unicem · Cairo Communication · Caleffi · Caltagirone · Campari · Carel Industries · Carraro · Cattolica Assicurazioni · Cellularline · Cembre · Cementir · Centrale del Latte d'Italia · Cerved · CIR · Class Editori · CNH Industrial · COIMA RES · Compagnia Immobiliare Azionaria · Conafi Prestitò · Credito Emiliano · CSP International Fashion Group · d'Amico · Danieli & C. · Datalogic · De'Longhi · DeA Capital · DiaSorin · Digital Bros · doValue · Edison Rsp · Eems · El.En. · Elica · Emak · ENAV · Enel · Enervit · Eni · ePrice · Equita Group · ERG · Esprinet · Eurogroup Laminations · Eurotech · Exor · Exprivia · Falck Renewables · Ferrari · Fidia · Fiera Milano · FILA · Fincantieri · FinecoBank · FNM · Gabetti · Garofalo Health Care · Gas Plus · Gefran · Generali · Geox · GEQUITY · Giglio Group · Gpi · Guala Closures · GVS · Hera · I Grandi Viaggi · IGD · Il Sole 24 ORE · Illimity Bank · IMMSI · Indel B · Intek Group · Interpump Group · Intesa Sanpaolo · INWIT · Irce · Iren · Isagro · Italgas · Italmobiliare · Itway · Iveco · Ivs Group · Juventus F.C. · La Doria · Landi Renzo · S.S. Lazio · Leonardo · LUVE · LVenture Group · Maire Tecnimont · MARR · Mediaset · Mediobanca · Moncler · Mondadori Editore · Mondo TV · Monrif · MutuiOnline · Neodecortech · Netweek · Newlat Food · Nexi · Nova Re · Openjobmetis · Orsero · OVS · Panariagroup Industrie Ceramiche · Piaggio & C. · Pierrel · Pininfarina · Piovan · Piquadro · Pirelli · Piteco · PLC · Poligrafica San Faustino · Poste italiane · Prima Industrie · Prysmian · Rai Way · Ratti · RCS MediaGroup · Recordati · Reno De Medici · Reply · Restart · Retelit · Risanamento · A.S. Roma · Rosss · Sabaf · Saes Getters · Safilo Group · Saipem · Salvatore Ferragamo · Sanlorenzo · Saras · Seri Industrial · Servizi Italia · Sesa · Sicit Group · SIT · Snam · Softlab · SOGEFI · Sol · Stellantis · STMicroelectronics · Tamburi Investment Partners · Tas · Techedge · Technogym · Telecom Italia · Tenaris · Terna · Tesmec · Tinexta · Tessellis · Titanmet · Tod's · Trevi - Finanziaria Industriale · Triboo · TXT · UniCredit · Unieuro · Unipol · UnipolSai · Valsoia · Webuild · Wiit · Zignago Vetro · Zucchi Borsa valori · Borsa Italiana · Indice azionario · Indici FTSE: All-Share · MIB · Mid Cap · STAR · Small Cap · Italia Brands · AIM Italia mostra V · D · M FTSE Italia Mid Cap Acea · Alerion Clean Power · ANIMA · Ascopiave · ASTM · Autogrill · B.F. · Banca Farmafactoring · Banca IFIS · Banca MPS · Banca Popolare di Sondrio · Biesse · Brembo · Brunello Cucinelli · Buzzi Unicem · Carel Industries · Cattolica Assicurazioni · Cementir · Cerved · CIR · Credito Emiliano · Danieli & C. · Datalogic · De' Longhi · doValue · El.En. · ENAV · ERG · Esprinet · Eurogroup Laminations · Falck Renewables · FILA · Fincantieri · Garofalo Health Care · Guala Closures · GVS · IGD · Illimity Bank · Iren · Italmobiliare · Juventus Football Club · La Doria · Maire Tecnimont · MARR · Mediaset · MutuiOnline · Piaggio & C. · Rai Way · Reply · Salvatore Ferragamo · Sanlorenzo · Saras · Sesa · Sol · Tamburi Investment Partners · Technogym · Tinexta · Tod's · UnipolSai · Webuild · Zignago Vetro Borsa valori · Borsa Italiana · Indice azionario · Indici FTSE: All-Share · MIB · Mid Cap · STAR · Small Cap · Italia Brands · AIM Italia Estratto da " https://it.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Sol_(azienda)&oldid=137219340 " Categorie : Aziende quotate presso la Borsa Italiana Aziende fondate nel 1927 Distributori di gas italiani Categorie nascoste: Errori del modulo citazione - citazioni con URL nudi P112 assente su Wikidata P159 letta da Wikidata P856 letta da Wikidata Menu di navigazione Strumenti personali Accesso non effettuato discussioni contributi registrati entra Namespace Voce Discussione italiano Visite Leggi Modifica Modifica wikitesto Cronologia Altro Ricerca Navigazione Pagina principale Ultime modifiche Una voce a caso Nelle vicinanze Vetrina Aiuto Sportello informazioni Comunità Portale Comunità Bar Il Wikipediano Fai una donazione Contatti Strumenti Puntano qui Modifiche correlate Carica su Commons Pagine speciali Link permanente Informazioni pagina Cita questa voce Ottieni URL breve Scarica codice QR Elemento Wikidata Espandi tutto Stampa/esporta Crea un libro Scarica come PDF Versione stampabile Lingue Aggiungi collegamenti Questa pagina è stata modificata per l'ultima volta il 6 gen 2024 alle 14:59. Il testo è disponibile secondo la licenza Creative Commons Attribuzione-Condividi allo stesso modo ; possono applicarsi condizioni ulteriori. Vedi le condizioni d'uso per i dettagli. Informativa sulla privacy Informazioni su Wikipedia Avvertenze Codice di condotta Sviluppatori Statistiche Dichiarazione sui cookie Versione mobile

