Martinetti meccanici, Rinvii Angolari, Fasatori Meccanici e Giunti - UNIMEC S.p.A. Cookie policy Questo sito Web utilizza i cookie per assicurarti di ottenere la migliore esperienza sul nostro sito web. Cookie policy Privacy policy Ignora Italiano Italiano English Español Deutsch Русский (Россия) Français Sistema metrico Sistema internazionale Sistema imperiale Area Riservata Azienda Prodotti Accessori Soluzioni Settori Notizie Documenti Contatti Sedi e filiali Rete di vendita Slide-home-1.jpg Rinvii angolari ATEX EDITION SCOPRI DI PIU' Unimec-citius-news.jpg CITIUS ALTIUS FORTIUS UNIMEC Slide-home-1.jpg UNIMEC The ARS Mechanica SCOPRI DI PIU' PRODOTTI Martinetti meccanici ad asta trapezia Scopri di più Martinetti meccanici ad asta trapezia in acciaio inox Scopri di più Martinetti meccanici ad asta trapezia in polimero Scopri di più Martinetti meccanici per aste a ricircolo di sfere Scopri di più Rinvii angolari Scopri di più Rinvii angolari in acciaio inox Scopri di più Fasatori Meccanici Scopri di più Giunti e allunghe Scopri di più Lubrificanti Scopri di più Applicazione One Touch Scopri di più Dimensionatore Scopri di più Archivio file 3D Scopri di più NOTIZIE Ritorno al futuro: Unimec sostituisce un martinetto del 1981 Leggi tutto Unimec illumina il futuro: il progetto di relamping per un'azienda più sostenibile Leggi tutto Unimec Citius chiude MECSPE Bologna 2024 con un pieno di successi Leggi tutto Produzione Made in Italy UNIMEC ha intrapreso la strada di proporre un prodotto realizzato internamente "in house". Questo perché abbiamo la convinzione che possedere e conoscere la tecnologia creativa di un prodotto fin dalla sua prima lavorazione meccanica garantisca quella elasticità e flessibilità di produzione che il mercato di oggi richiede agli organi di trasmissione. Scopri di più Certificazioni ISO 9001:2015 ISO 14001:2015 ISO 45001:2018 Associazioni Socio UNI Membri EPDTA Associato Confimi Industria UNIMEC S.p.A. SEDE CENTRALE Via del Lavoro, 20 20865 Usmate Velate (MB) | ITALY P.IVA: IT 00858110968 - REA: 1167821 Cap. soc.: 3.099.000 i.v. PER INFORMAZIONI tel: +39.039.6076900 fax: +39.039.6076909 Privacy | Cookie PER CONTATTARCI Scrivi una mail Italiano Italiano English Español Deutsch Русский (Россия) Français Sistema metrico Sistema internazionale Sistema imperiale Area Riservata Azienda Prodotti Accessori Soluzioni Settori Notizie Documenti Contatti Sedi e filiali Rete di vendita

Company - UNIMEC S.p.A. Cookie policy This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Cookie policy Privacy policy Got It! English Italiano English Español Deutsch Русский (Россия) Français International standard International standard Imperial standard Reserved Area Company Products Accessories Solutions Industries News Literature Contacts Headquarter and branches Distributors Company Our history It was the year 1981 when Mr. Luigi Maggioni started the adventure called UNIMEC; 36 years later our name has become a synonym for screw jacks, bevel gearboxes and speed modulation gears, because the passion for our job and our love for mechanics could not but create a quality product which is highly appreciated all over the world. UNIMEC head offices are situated in Usmate-Velate, in the Milan hinterland and extend on a productive area of 20.000 m 2 of which 10.000 are covered and have been given over to the production and offices; manifacture areas are distributed in 3 buildings, connected one to each other in only one structure. Wide areas are assigned to the metrological rooms and to the automated stores, while recreative areas let people work in a pleasant place and a permanent showroom-museum is truly applreciated by visitors; a big meeting room containing more than 50 seats is the ideal background for our staff’s as well as for our agents’ training. A completely “ made in Unimec ” production chain In an era of mass globalization, Unimec took a different path and decided to focus on a completely “made in Unimec” production. The design and engineering of our products relies on a team of extremely qualified professionals mastering the latest and most advanced technologies; Solid Forming, FEA, TRIZ Analysis are well-known and vastly used methodologies within our Technical Department: we can proudly claim that any newly designed product contains at least 80% proprietary content manufactured in house, starting with fully certified, traceable and Italy-sourced raw materials. We firmly believe that owning all of the production technologies used for the manufacturing of each unit from scratch, enables us to grasp all of the technical aspects of our products and allows us to form an in-depth understating of their core characteristics; this also facilitates the design of tailor-made and custom solutions. The entire manufacturing process is performed with the help of the latest generation CNC machines and robotic feeders for unmanned production. A tour of our manufacturing facilities reveals a vast array of multi-axis CNC mills, lathes, gear-cutting machines, broaching machines, temperature-controlled rolling machines, orbital and tangential threading machines for lengths up to 20 feet, precision grinding machines, as well as a fully certified, zero environmental impact, water-based painting line. A state of the art Metrological Analysis Lab completes the manufacturing and quality process and provides vital feedback to our Research & Development Department. Take a tour of our factory and its equipment Beyond the 4 th Industrial Revolution All of the main aspects of our organization are organically connected to one another to create a harmonic business process: a prompt, competent and courteous Customer Service; an efficient and accurate management of software, hardware and data back-up; a constantly stocked inventory, etc. Taken individually, all of these aspects are like single tunes; but masterfully arranged, they transform into a spectacular symphony. The 4 th Industrial Revolution, the so called “Industry 4.0”, is already a reality within the Unimec organization and represents the connective tissue between the various departments. A sophisticated Configurator Tool helps our customers to effortlessly navigate through the over 80 billion combinations in terms of models, sizes, ratios, materials, configurations and accessories available for all of our products.  Orders are automatically generated, entered in the fully automated production pipeline and constantly monitored and updated by a barcode-based system. A live update of the projected lead times ensures that the entire company works like a symphony. But every orchestra is made of musicians and, at Unimec, our people are the pulsing heart of our organization; all of our efforts are geared towards the valorization of each and every employee, the true main characters of each revolution, even those that are about to happen: we are ready. Presence without borders Unimec is a global group with multiple locations across the world: we have branches in the United States, Germany, France and Spain, as well as an additional branch in the northeast of Italy. Our international sales organization is integrated by a capillary network of competent distributors located in every corner of the planet, from Australia to South America, through Asia and Europe. Responsiveness is one of the main parameters for the evaluation of a company; our goal is to communicate with all of our customers in their native language: each communication from Unimec is released in 5 different languages. Additionally, our network of distributors and representatives are always glad to assist in all other local idioms. Ars Mechanica The core values of our organization, explained in detail in the above paragraphs, are perfectly summarized by our tagline: Ars Mechanica . The choice of the Latin language is not just a quirk: Latin is automatically associated with Italy, which connects to our origins, but is also the root of many modern languages, so it is also well suited to our international vocation. Additionally, Latin is also an erudite language, a direct segway to the fine engineering that is at the core of all of our products. Finally, a literal translation of Ars Mechanica reveals various complementary interpretations: “Mechanical Art”, representing both the superior craftsmanship in all of our products and the stark sense of beauty at the root of our unique design. Ars Mechanica can also be associated to the concept of “state of the art”, a virtuous combination of professionalism and work ethics, which are Unimec’s core principles and values. UNIMEC S.p.A. Headquarters and Manifacturing Plant Via del Lavoro, 20 20865 Usmate Velate (MB) | ITALY P.IVA: 00858110968 INTERNATIONAL INFO tel: +39.039.6076900 fax: +39.039.6076909 Headquarters E-mail UNIMEC NORTH AMERICA Inc. USA and CANADA 11 Millpond Drive, Bldg 2 Lafayette, NJ 07848 | USA telephone:  +1 973-362-1427 email: info@unimecusa.com Privacy | Cookie CONTACT US Send us an E-mail English Italiano English Español Deutsch Русский (Россия) Français International standard International standard Imperial standard Reserved Area Company Products Accessories Solutions Industries News Literature Contacts Headquarter and branches Distributors

Products - UNIMEC S.p.A. Cookie policy This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Cookie policy Privacy policy Got It! English Italiano English Español Deutsch Русский (Россия) Français International standard International standard Imperial standard Reserved Area Company Products Accessories Solutions Industries News Literature Contacts Headquarter and branches Distributors Find out more Trapezoidal Screw Jacks Find out more Stainless Steel Trapezoidal Screw Jacks Find out more Technopolymer Screw Jacks Find out more Ball Screw Jacks Find out more Bevel Gearboxes Find out more Stainless Steel Bevel Gearboxes Find out more Mechanical Speed Modulators Find out more Couplings and Transmission Shafts Find out more Proprietary Lubricants "Unimec One Touch" APP Find out more Sizing tool Find out more CAD and 3D Parts Find out more UNIMEC S.p.A. Headquarters and Manifacturing Plant Via del Lavoro, 20 20865 Usmate Velate (MB) | ITALY P.IVA: 00858110968 INTERNATIONAL INFO tel: +39.039.6076900 fax: +39.039.6076909 Headquarters E-mail UNIMEC NORTH AMERICA Inc. USA and CANADA 11 Millpond Drive, Bldg 2 Lafayette, NJ 07848 | USA telephone:  +1 973-362-1427 email: info@unimecusa.com Privacy | Cookie CONTACT US Send us an E-mail English Italiano English Español Deutsch Русский (Россия) Français International standard International standard Imperial standard Reserved Area Company Products Accessories Solutions Industries News Literature Contacts Headquarter and branches Distributors

Unimec S.p.A. | LinkedIn LinkedIn e terze parti utilizzano cookie essenziali e non essenziali per fornire, rendere sicuri, analizzare e migliorare i nostri servizi e per mostrarti annunci pertinenti (inclusi annunci professionali e offerte di lavoro ) su LinkedIn e altrove. Per saperne di più, consulta la nostra Informativa sui cookie . Seleziona “Accetta” per accettare o “Rifiuta” per rifiutare i cookie non essenziali per questo utilizzo. Puoi aggiornare le tue scelte in qualsiasi momento nelle impostazioni . Accetta Rifiuta Vai al contenuto principale LinkedIn Articoli Persone Learning Lavoro Iscriviti ora Accedi Unimec S.p.A. Fabbricazione di macchinari industriali Usmate-Velate, Monza e Brianza 3.044 follower Ars Mechanica. Segui Visualizza tutti i dipendenti (43) Segnala azienda Chi siamo It was the year 1981 when Mr. Luigi Maggioni started the adventure called UNIMEC. 

30 years later our name has become a synonym for screw jacks, bevel gearboxes and speed modulation gears, because the passion for our job and our love for mechanics could not but create a quality product which is highly appreciated all over the world. UNIMEC head offices are situated in Usmate-Velate.

A “made in Italy” production
UNIMEC chose to propose a completely Italian product because we believe that only knowing and understanding a product’s creative technology starting from its first manufacturing steps can give that productive elasticity and flexibility which are currently requested in the market of transmission devices. 

Skilled production
The design staff is composed by expert and skilled people and it makes use of the most modern technology and in-the-van theories (Solid Modelling, Finite Elements and Triz Methodology). The cooperation with the local universities is a profitable symbiosis which enhances our competitiveness. 

A real orchestra
There are many ways to appreciate our company’s organisation and the harmony of the process which leads from the first contact to the delivery of the ordered products:punctual and qualified business department, a last generation backup and management software, a well-stocked and well organized warehouse are the notes of single instruments which, under a careful and watchful direction, transform themselves in a real symphony. Sito Web http://www.unimec.eu Link esterno per Unimec S.p.A. Settore Fabbricazione di macchinari industriali Dimensioni dell’azienda 51-200 dipendenti Sede principale Usmate-Velate, Monza e Brianza Tipo Società quotata Data di fondazione 1981 Settori di competenza Power transmission e Mechanical Località Principale via del lavoro 20 Usmate-Velate, Monza e Brianza 20865, IT Ottieni indicazioni C/Permanyer 34 Sabadell, Barcelona 08025, ES Ottieni indicazioni Schubertstraße 2 München, München 80336, DE Ottieni indicazioni 29, Rue des Cayennes (zone de activitè des Boutries) Conflans Cedex, Conflans Cedex 78702, FR Ottieni indicazioni Via della Tecnica 10 Mestrino, Padova 35035, IT Ottieni indicazioni 11 Millpond Dr Lafayette, New Jersey 07848, US Ottieni indicazioni Mostra altre località Mostra meno località Dipendenti presso Unimec S.p.A. Josep M. Farràs Esparó Director comercial en UNIMEC HISPANIA Alessandro Maggioni General director of Unimec S.p.A. Stefano Pettovello Sales director & marketing presso Unimec S.p.A. Seth White Partner at UNIMEC, LLC Vedi tutti i dipendenti Aggiornamenti Unimec S.p.A. 3.044 follower 1 settimana Segnala post This month, we're sharing a truly unique story with you all on LinkedIn. 

We recently replaced one of our screw jacks that dates back an incredible 43 years! 

It's one of the very first jacks ever produced by Unimec for Novastilmec S.p.A | Quality Coil Lines and has performed admirably up until just a few days ago. 

Join us in discovering this remarkable tale! #Unimec #EngineeringExcellence #Legacy #ScrewJack #ArsMechanica Back to the Future: Unimec Replaces a 1981 Screw Jack Unimec S.p.A. su LinkedIn 23 Consiglia Commenta Condividi Unimec S.p.A. 3.044 follower 1 settimana Segnala post In valigia con Unimec 🧳 🇧🇪

Today, we're in Antwerp, Belgium: just about an hour's drive from this city lies the headquarters of our distributor, Vermeire .

Antwerp is globally renowned as the "diamond capital of the world," serving as a vital hub for the diamond trade, both rough and polished, for centuries. The city is bustling with traders, cutters, and jewelers.

Its port ranks among the largest in the world and is the second largest in Europe, playing a critical role in international trade and bolstering the Belgian economy.

The city's architecture is noteworthy, characterized by historic medieval and Renaissance buildings. The historic center, with its cobblestone streets and striking buildings like the Cathedral of Our Lady, is a prime example of Belgian Gothic architecture. #TravelingWithUnimec #InValigiaConUnimec #CultureAndInnovation #Unimec 21 Consiglia Commenta Condividi Unimec S.p.A. 3.044 follower 1 settimana Segnala post Settima scorsa abbiamo avuto il piacere di accogliere una cinquantina di studenti della prima superiore dell'Istituto Tecnico Industriale Pino Hensemberger di Monza: li abbiamo portati in un visita guidata all'interno della nostra azienda, mostrando loro da vicino le attività quotidiane, i processi produttivi e le tecnologie che impieghiamo.

Desideriamo esprimere un sincero ringraziamento alla Federazione Nazionale Maestri del Lavoro (sezione di Monza e Brianza): grazie al loro supporto, da tanti anni possiamo offrire agli studenti un'opportunità concreta per scoprire il mondo della meccanica.

Attraverso la visita e il racconto del nostro lavoro quotidiano, vogliamo trasmettere agli studenti che la meccanica è una professione nobile con una cultura centenaria e profondamente radicata, soprattutto nel nostro territorio brianzolo: queste esperienze rappresentano una finestra aperta sulle reali opportunità che questo settore può offrire, sottolineando il valore e l'importanza di questa antica arte! #formazione #lavoro #arsmechanica #meccanica 23 Consiglia Commenta Condividi Unimec S.p.A. 3.044 follower 2 settimane Segnala post Yesterday, we had the honor of welcoming some very special guests to our Unimec headquarters directly from Norway 🇳🇴 : our local distributor Rubix Nordic Norway along with a prominent engineering firm.

These professionals played a pivotal role in a project where Unimec provided four specialized screw jacks used in one of the world's first prototypes of 100% electric boats.

The visit provided an excellent opportunity to discuss future developments and innovations, as well as to strengthen our collaboration on projects that promote sustainability and technological innovation. #Unimec #Innovation #Sustainability #MarineTechnology #NavalEngineering 51 2 commenti Consiglia Commenta Condividi Unimec S.p.A. 3.044 follower 2 settimane Segnala post Last Saturday marked Unimec's inaugural corporate padel tournament, an event generously sponsored by Unimec and the Maggioni family. Several of our employees participated, bringing both competitive spirit and immense enthusiasm to the games.

This special day provided an excellent opportunity to strengthen team bonds through sport and unity.

Special thanks are due to Luigi Maggioni, the founder of Unimec, Alessandro Maggioni, the General Manager, and Stefania Maggioni, the Administration Manager, for their continuous support and commitment to fostering a strong family atmosphere at Unimec.

Congratulations to the winners and heartfelt applause to all participants for their dedication and passion. Thank you for making this event truly memorable! #Unimec #TeamBuilding #Padel 27 Consiglia Commenta Condividi Unimec S.p.A. 3.044 follower 3 settimane Segnala post Today we're celebrating a special milestone in our journey on LinkedIn: we have reached (and exceeded) 3,000 followers on our page!

Thank you to everyone who follows, engages with us, and supports Unimec's vision daily! #DigitalCommunity 23 Consiglia Commenta Condividi Unimec S.p.A. 3.044 follower 3 settimane Segnala post In valigia con Unimec 🧳🇮🇹

We're heading back to Italy for the third stop on our tour: today, we're in Frascati, near Rome, home of Tecni.Com. S.r.l. , Unimec’s distributor since 1988.
 
Frascati captivates visitors with its rich cultural heritage, stunning natural landscapes and architectural wonders, not to mention its closeness to the Eternal City. 

Frascati is also known worldwide for its "Frascati" white wine, the first Italian wine to ever receive the D.O.C. (Controlled Origin Denomination) designation back in 1966.
 
Surrounding Frascati are the magnificent Tusculum villas, erected by Roman nobility in the Renaissance: these villas are renowned for their splendid Renaissance and Baroque architecture and are set amidst lush gardens and vineyards.
 
Frascati's rich tapestry of history is evident in the ruins of Tusculum, the 8th century BC urban settlement that predates the current city. Perched on the Alban Hills, it offers breathtaking views of Rome and the surrounding countryside, making it a favored escape for Romans.
 
Join us in two weeks for the next destination on our journey! #TravelingWithUnimec #InValigiaConUnimec #CultureAndInnovation #Unimec 10 Consiglia Commenta Condividi Unimec S.p.A. 3.044 follower 1 mese Segnala post Unimec: A Leap Forward in Production!

Introducing the latest breakthrough in our manufacturing process: an electro-hydraulic CNC band saw.

This state-of-the-art technology dramatically enhances the efficiency of cutting rods for our jacks, thereby streamlining our production capabilities.

The new saw features several operational modes:

• Automatic cycle, designed for swift and repetitive tasks, ensuring precision while minimizing production time.
• Semi-automatic cycle, ideal for tasks that demand greater control and attention to detail.
• Semi-automatic/dynamic cycle, a versatile combination suited for small batch production with optimal dynamism.
• Manual cycle, invaluable for custom or highly precise work requirements.

With the ability to cut diameters up to 280 mm and an adjustable cutting angle from 0° to +60°, this saw boosts our production capacity, elevating both the speed and quality of our final products. #Unimec #Innovation #AdvancedTechnology #ArsMechanica 21 Consiglia Commenta Condividi Unimec S.p.A. 3.044 follower 1 mese Modificato Segnala post In valigia con Unimec 🧳 🇳🇴

This week, our ongoing journey through the cities hosting the headquarters of our main global distributors takes us to Northern Europe, precisely in Bergen, Norway, home of Rubix Nordic.

Known as “the city surrounded by seven mountains”, Bergen is rich in history and charm: Mount Fløyen and Mount Ulriken offer spectacular views of the city and its surroundings.

The vibrant Bryggen district, characterized by its picturesque wooden houses, is a hallmark of the city and has earned a spot on the UNESCO World Heritage list: these historic buildings date back to the period from the 14th to the 18th century.

Bergen serves as a gateway to the majestic Norwegian fjords, offering plenty of tours and cruises through the Sognefjord, the country's deepest and longest fjord.

Where will our journey take us next? We'll find out in two weeks! #TravelingWithUnimec #InValigiaConUnimec #CultureAndInnovation #UnimecGlobalNetwork #Distributors #SalesNetwork 19 Consiglia Commenta Condividi Iscriviti ora per vedere cosa ti stai perdendo Trova persone che conosci presso Unimec S.p.A. Sfoglia le offerte di lavoro consigliate per te Visualizza tutti gli aggiornamenti, le notizie e gli articoli Iscriviti ora Pagine affiliate Rinvii angolari Fabbricazione di macchinari di automazione Martinetti meccanici Fabbricazione di macchinari di automazione Giunti Fabbricazione di macchinari di automazione Fasatori meccanici Fabbricazione di macchinari di automazione Pagine simili UNIMEC SA Produzione di macchinari La Chaux-de-Fonds, Neuchâtel UNIMEC SRL - Lavorazione Assemblaggi Meccanici Produzione di macchinari San Martino Buon Albergo (VR), Verona Lampre Srl Attività minerarie Usmate Velate, MB FAIT GROUP S.p.A Fabbricazione di macchinari di automazione Oste Montemurlo, Prato Chiaravalli Group SpA Produzione di macchinari Cavaria con Premezzo, Lombardy FIMIGroup Produzione di macchinari Viganò, Lombardia Martin SPA Fabbricazione di macchinari industriali Provaglio d'Iseo, BS EPTDA Organizzazioni senza scopo di lucro Brussels, Belgium EUR-ACCIAI S.P.A. Attività minerarie USMATE VELATE, MB REGINA CATENE CALIBRATE S.P.A. Fabbricazione di macchinari industriali CERNUSCO LOMBARDONE, Lecco Mostra altre pagine simili Mostra meno pagine simili Sfoglia le offerte di lavoro Offerte di lavoro per “Direttore tecnico” 592 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Account manager” 4.155 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Sviluppatore” 1.780 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Analista” 1.150 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “User Experience Designer” 355 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Senior software engineer” 1.540 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegnere” 2.794 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Risorse umane” 6.957 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Direttore” 2.210 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Brand manager” 1.122 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Direttore risorse umane” 224 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Insegnante” 5.317 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Marketing Manager” 2.935 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Product Manager” 2.538 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Scrum Master” 2.519 offerte di lavoro aperte Mostra altre offerte di lavoro come questa Mostra meno offerte di lavoro come questa Altre ricerche Altre ricerche Offerte di lavoro per “Direttore tecnico” LinkedIn © 2024 Informazioni Accessibilità Contratto di licenza Informativa sulla privacy Informativa sui cookie Informativa sul copyright Informativa sul brand Controlli ospite Linee guida della community العربية (Arabo) Čeština (Ceco) Dansk (Danese) Deutsch (Tedesco) English (Inglese) Español (Spagnolo) Français (Francese) हिंदी (Hindi) Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesiano) Italiano (Italiano) 日本語 (Giapponese) 한국어 (Coreano) Bahasa Malaysia (Malese) Nederlands (Olandese) Norsk (Norvegese) Polski (Polacco) Português (Portoghese) Română (Rumeno) Русский (Russo) Svenska (Svedese) ภาษาไทย (Tailandese) Tagalog (Tagalog) Türkçe (Turco) Українська (Ucraino) 简体中文 (Cinese (Semplificato)) 正體中文 (Cinese (Tradizionale)) Lingua Accetta e iscriviti a LinkedIn Cliccando su “Continua” per iscriverti o accedere, accetti il Contratto di licenza , l’ Informativa sulla privacy e l’ Informativa sui cookie di LinkedIn. Accedi per vedere chi già conosci Unimec S.p.A. Accedi Piacere di rivederti Email o telefono Password Mostra Hai dimenticato la password? Accedi oppure Cliccando su “Continua” per iscriverti o accedere, accetti il Contratto di licenza , l’ Informativa sulla privacy e l’ Informativa sui cookie di LinkedIn. Nuovo utente di LinkedIn? Iscriviti ora oppure Cliccando su “Continua” per iscriverti o accedere, accetti il Contratto di licenza , l’ Informativa sulla privacy e l’ Informativa sui cookie di LinkedIn. Nuovo utente di LinkedIn? Iscriviti ora

Unimec Spa | Usmate Velate  | Facebook Facebook Accedi Accedi Non ricordi più come accedere all'account? Unimec Spa Mi piace: 286 • Follower: 319 Post Informazioni Reels Foto Video Altro Post Informazioni Reels Foto Video Unimec Spa In breve 30 years later our name has become a synonym for screw jacks, bevel gearboxes and speed modulation g Pagina · Spa Via del Lavoro 20, Usmate Velate, Italy 039 607 6900 info@unimec.eu unimec.eu Aperto ora Valutazione · 3,8 (6 recensioni) ﻿ Foto Vedi tutte le foto Informazioni sui dati di Insights della Pagina · Privacy · Condizioni · Pubblicità · Scegli tu! · Cookie · Altro · Meta © 2024 Unimec Spa si trova presso Garbagnate Monastero . · 30 aprile alle ore 10:52 · Contenuto condiviso con: Tutti Questo mese abbiamo una storia davvero unica da raccontarvi. Abbiamo recentemente sostituito uno dei nostri martinetti che risale a ben 43 anni fa! È uno dei primissimi martinetti mai prodotti da Unimec per Novastilmec S.p.A. e ha funzionato egregiamente fino a pochi giorni fa. … Altro... Tutte le reazioni: 7 Mi piace Commenta Altro su Facebook Altro su Facebook E-mail o numero di telefono Password Accedi Password dimenticata? o Crea nuovo account Vuoi consentire l'uso dei cookie di Facebook su questo browser? Usiamo cookie e tecnologie simili per fornire e migliorare i contenuti sui Prodotti di Meta , per offrire un'esperienza più sicura usando le informazioni che riceviamo dai cookie all'interno e all'esterno di Facebook, nonché per fornire e migliorare i Prodotti di Meta per le persone che possiedono un account. Cookie essenziali: questi cookie sono necessari per usare i Prodotti di Meta e affinché i nostri siti funzionino come previsto. Cookie di altre aziende: usiamo questi cookie per mostrarti inserzioni fuori dai Prodotti di Meta e per fornirti funzioni come mappe e video sui Prodotti di Meta. Si tratta di cookie facoltativi. Sei tu a decidere i cookie facoltativi che usiamo. Scopri di più sui cookie e su come li usiamo, e controlla o modifica le tue preferenze in qualsiasi momento nella nostra Normativa sui cookie . Informazioni sui cookie Cosa sono i cookie? Scopri di più Perché usiamo i cookie? Scopri di più Cosa sono i Prodotti di Meta? Scopri di più Le tue scelte sui cookie Scopri di più Cookie di altre aziende Usiamo cookie di altre aziende per mostrarti inserzioni fuori dai nostri Prodotti e per fornirti funzioni come mappe, servizi di pagamento e video. Come usiamo questi cookie Se consenti l'uso di questi cookie Se non consenti l'uso di questi cookie Altri modi in cui puoi controllare le tue informazioni Gestisci la tua esperienza pubblicitaria nel Centro gestione account Altre informazioni sulla pubblicità online Controllo dei cookie con le impostazioni del browser Consenti tutti i cookie Rifiuta cookie facoltativi Consenti tutti i cookie Rifiuta cookie facoltativi

