Amm Italy – Aerospace Materials Management Powered by Cookiebot Consent Details [#IABV2SETTINGS#] About This website uses cookies We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. Consent Selection Necessary Preferences Statistics Marketing Show details Necessary 1 Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Preferences 0 Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. We do not use cookies of this type. Statistics 0 Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. We do not use cookies of this type. Marketing 0 Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. We do not use cookies of this type. Unclassified 0 Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. We do not use cookies of this type. Cross-domain consent [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] [#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#] List of domains your consent applies to: [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#] Cookie declaration last updated on 7/8/23 by Cookiebot [#IABV2_TITLE#] [#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages. You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website. Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy. Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent. Do not sell or share my personal information Deny Allow selection Customize Allow all Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics info@ammitaly.com +39 010 8183050 Welcome About Us Services Quality Contact Us Calculator Welcome About Us Services Quality Contact Us Calculator Leading italian distributor for Aerospace alloys. AEROSPACE MATERIALS MANAGEMENT High performance and a broad materials portfolio. TECNOLOGY. INNOVATION. PRODUCTIVITY. Tailor-made solutions for the aerospace industry TOTAL QUALITY & DELIVERY SERVICE Our Real Value Abilities, skills and development: values reflected in our strengths. Technology We use the best technological and innovative solutions to serve our products. Safety Safety and certification are essential elements to continuously ensure high quality standards. Customer Care Satisfy customers and improve products / services to thus enhance the quality and ensure the integrity of supplies for industry. Highly skilled Human resources sqM of Warehouse spaces sqM for Special Products that requires accurate handling Cut Stations for flat and long Products Aerospace Materials Management A privately owned company founded in 2011 AMM Italy is a leading Italian aerospace material distributor. The company -privately owned- has its headquarters in Milan and was founded in 2011. Although still young it quickly ramped its experience in the aerospace industry as well as broaden its customer portfolio with prestigious clients. The company has grown steadily thanks to the targeted support and tailored supply chain services plus the constant search for innovative solutions. A prominent advantage is the possibility to have a vast inventory of aluminum, titanium, steel and superalloy products in most of the existing forms. Technology. Innovation. Productivity. Amm Italy offers high performance and a broad materials portfolio. Its partnerships with leading manufacturers is a key to success. OVERVIEW • Plate sheets • Bars • Extrusion/Tubes • Forgings & Castings • Miscellaneous • Plates and sheets • Extrusions CUT & SHAPE • Cut to shape/cut to length • Close to net shape • Automatic cut stations • Waterjet service • Special Shape & Material • Cnc machining CUSTOMER SERVICE • Inventory availability • Material Processing • Logistic provider • Supplychain management • Value stream mapping SHIPPING • Consignment stock • Just in time service Our Trade Mission The business objective is the growth in the aerospace sector: Amm Italy wants to service customers in the aerospace sector through a total quality and delivery service, establishing itself in the industry as a complete company, providing tailor-made solutions for the aerospace industry. Quality & Certifications;Values Amm Italy owns and pursues continuous updates for its quality certifications of products and services. The company management system, compliance with environmental and human rights policies according to the following international standards. Download Contact Us Amm Italy is a leading aerospace material distributor. AMM ITALY Amm Italy offers high performance and a broad aerospace materials portfolio. Its partnerships with leading manufacturers is a key to success. CONTACT INFO +39 010 550851 info@ammitaly.com Via Italia, 159 20874 Busnago (MB) CALCULATOR AmmItaly ©2023   |   Design by b-jou.com | Cookie Policy | Revocation Consent

AEROSPACE MATERIALS MANAGEMENT S.R.L. IN FORMA ABBREVIATA AMM S.R.L., Partita IVA: 07532350969, Fatturato, Dipendenti, PEC Servizi Gratuiti Listino API Blog FAQ Assistenza REGISTRATI E RISPARMIA Dashboard Profilo Ricarica credito Storico ricariche Storico Acquisti Invita un amico Scadenze Esci Ricarica credito Il tuo Credito attuale è di: Scegli il taglio di ricarica Ricarica (25.00 €) Ricarica (50.00 €) Ricarica (100.00 €) Ricarica (200.00 €) Ricarica (500.00 €) Ricarica (1,000.00 €) PROCEDI Area personale Ufficio Camerale Portale di Servizi alle Imprese close Visure Camerali VISURE CAMERALI Visura Camerale Ordinaria - Società di Capitali Visura Camerale Ordinaria - Imprese Individuali Bilancio Aziende Ottico Visura Camerale Storica - Società di Capitali Vedi Tutti VISURE PROTESTI Visura Protesti Persona Fisica Visura Protesti e Pregiudizievoli Società Visura Protesti Società Visura Protesti e Pregiudizievoli per Persone Fisiche Vedi Tutti Trova Dati Azienda GRATIS Ottieni Gratuitamente ed in tempo reale i dati di qualsiasi Impresa Italiana come Sede Legale, PEC, Fatturato, Utili Scopri di più Certificati CERTIFICATI CAMERALI Certificato Iscrizione Camera di Commercio Certificato di Vigenza Certificato Camerale Storico Certificato Camerale Artigiano Vedi Tutti ALTRI CERTIFICATI DURC Online Vedi Tutti DURC Ricorrente Vuoi avere il DURC sempre aggiornato e valido per 1 anno? Scopri la Soluzione DURC in Abbonamento Scopri di più Marche Temporali ARUBA 20 Marche Temporali Aruba 100 Marche Temporali Aruba 250 Marche Temporali Aruba 500 Marche Temporali Aruba Vedi Tutti INFOCERT 100 Marche Temporali InfoCert 1.000 Marche Temporali InfoCert 500 Marche Temporali InfoCert 250 Marche Temporali InfoCert Vedi Tutti Marcatura Temporale API Connetti il sistema di Marcatura Temporale a norma di legge direttamente dal tuo gestionale o progetto web tramite API Scopri di più Firma Digitale ARUBA Smart Card CNS Aruba Rinnovo Firma Digitale Aruba Key CNS Aruba Key CNS Video Riconoscimento Aruba Vedi Tutti INFOCERT Business Key InfoCert Firma Remota InfoCert Rinnovo Firma InfoCert Rinnovo Firma Remota InfoCert Vedi Tutti Firma Elettronica API Integra la firma elettronica a qualsiasi tipologia di piattaforma tramite API e rendi immediata la firma dei documenti. Scopri di più Fatturazione Elettronica Software Rinnovo Legalinvoice Start Legalinvoice GO Rinnovo Legalinvoice PRO Legalinvoice Start Vedi Tutti Fatture Fatture Extra Legalinvoice Start e Pro Fatture Extra Legalinvoice GO Vedi Tutti Fattura Elettronica via API Gestisci l'intero processo di Fatturazione Elettronica, attivo e passivo, con opzione Conservazione a Norma e Firma direttamente via API Scopri di più Recupero Crediti Persona Fisica Visura Centrale Rischi Persona Giuridica Visura CRIF Persona Fisica Visura Experian Rintraccio Anagrafico e Referenze Bancarie Persona Fisica Vedi Tutti Persona Giuridica Visura CRIF Persona Giuridica Rintraccio Anagrafico e Referenze Bancarie Persona Giuridica Relazione Investigativa per il Recupero Credito per Persona Giuridica Vedi Tutti Raccomandate API Invia Raccomandate, anche massive, a validità legale con Poste Italiane direttamente dal tuo software o gestionale tramite API Scopri di più PEC Legalmail Infocert Rinnovo Legalmail PEC Rinnovo Domicilio Digitale PEC PEC Legalmail Standard Trasferimento PEC Legalmail Vedi Tutti Servizi Comunicazione PEC alla Camera di Commercio Vedi Tutti PEC MASSIVA tramite API Invia Messaggi PEC in modo massivo, sicuro e secondo normativa AGID, direttamente via API. Scopri di più Servizi Gratuiti Listino API Blog FAQ Assistenza REGISTRATI E RISPARMIA Home / AEROSPACE MATERIALS MANAGEMENT S.R.L. IN FORMA ABBREVIATA AMM S.R.L. DATI DELLA SOCIETÀ - AEROSPACE MATERIALS MANAGEMENT S.R.L. IN FORMA ABBREVIATA AMM S.R.L. Partita IVA: 07532350969 -
Codice Fiscale: 07532350969 Rag. Sociale: AEROSPACE MATERIALS MANAGEMENT S.R.L. IN FORMA ABBREVIATA AMM S.R.L. Indirizzo: VIA ITALIA 159 - 20874 - BUSNAGO (MB) Rea: 2598805 PEC: amm@pec.net Fatturato: € 14.329.943,00 (2022) ACQUISTA BILANCIO Dipendenti : 23 (2024) Forma giuridica: SOCIETA' A RESPONSABILITA' LIMITATA Data Iscrizione: 20/09/2011 Ateco: Lavori di meccanica generale Cod. Ateco: 2562 Utile: € 886.418,00 (2022) Capitale sociale: € 450.000,00 (2024) Procedure e Pregiudizievoli ACQUISTA VISURA Camera di commercio: MB Codice destinatario: A4707H7 [ + SCOPRI altre info della società ] [ - RIDUCI info della società ] + − ⇧ © OpenStreetMap contributors. » Opzioni disponibili 2 SR 1 0 1.1.2 Le informazioni fornite sono costantemente aggiornate da fonti ufficiali in conformità con il codice di condotta per le informazioni commerciali. Se desideri segnalare errori contattaci tramite l'apposito form . Se desideri offuscare parte delle informazioni (es. indirizzo sede legale) procedi con il form seguente . Il form può essere compilato unicamente dal titolare della persona giuridica interessata. RIEPILOGO Totale
Ordine € 0,00 Termina
acquisto Tabella Rinnovi PEC MePA Corso RAO Certificazioni Redazione Mappa Sito Tabella Rinnovi PEC MePA Corso RAO Certificazioni Redazione Mappa Sito Carbon free energy for Our Cloud Low CO 2 © 2023 Openapi SpA Unipersonale - Società sottoposta a direzione e controllo della Open Holding Srl Viale Filippo Tommaso Marinetti 221 - 00143 Roma REA 1378273 Cap. Soc. € 50.000,00 i.v. – P.I. IT12485671007 - CODICE DESTINATARIO 'USAL8PV' Azienda con sistema qualità Accredia certificato da Istituto Giordano – UNI EN ISO 9001:2015 Openapi è azienda certificata per la qualità dei dati - ISO 25012:2014 Tutti i prezzi sono da considerarsi al netto di eventuale IVA, eventuali imposte di bollo, diritti di segreteria e/o imposte o tasse altrimenti denominate se dovute. Tutti i loghi elencati nel portale sono coperti da copyright e di proprietà dei rispettivi proprietari. Diritto di recesso Politiche per la qualità Condizioni di utilizzo Condizioni Contrattuali GDPR OPENAPI Privacy policy Privacy A.N.C.I.C. Privacy Info Commerciali Certificazioni, licenze e Membership Questo sito utilizza cookie tecnici, analytics e di terze parti. Proseguendo nella navigazione accetti l’utilizzo dei cookie. Preferenze cookies Accetto i cookies

AEROSPACE MATERIALS MANAGEMENT S.R.L. IN FORMA ABBREVIATA AMM S.R.L., Rolling mills - ferrous metals, sintered metal products - Europages Categories ​ Activity, Product, Company Add my company Get multiple quotes Log in English Close Add my company Get multiple quotes Log in English Categories europages > Rolling mills - ferrous metals > AEROSPACE MATERIALS MANAGEMENT S.R.L. IN FORMA ABBREVIATA AMM S.R.L. AEROSPACE MATERIALS MANAGEMENT S.R.L. IN FORMA ABBREVIATA AMM S.R.L. Italy Factory icon Subcontractor Phone icon Bookmark Outline icon Domain icon Subcontractor AEROSPACE MATERIALS MANAGEMENT S.R.L. IN FORMA ABBREVIATA AMM S.R.L. Address 159 VIA ITALIA 20874 Busnago - Italy VAT No. Sign in or log in to view An error has occurred Phone Bookmark Outline icon Add to the shortlist Information The company AEROSPACE MATERIALS MANAGEMENT S.R.L. IN FORMA ABBREVIATA AMM S.R.L., is a Subcontractor, which operates in the Rolling mills - ferrous metals industry. It also operates in the sintered metal products industries. It is based in Busnago, Italy. Other companies in the same industry: METAL-TECH TRAFILERIE CARLO GNUTTI - S.P.A. Domain icon Subcontractor AEROSPACE MATERIALS MANAGEMENT S.R.L. IN FORMA ABBREVIATA AMM S.R.L. 159 VIA ITALIA 20874 Busnago - Italy VAT No. Sign in or log in to view An error has occurred Company info Organisation pages.epage-home.site-status Registered office Main activity Subcontractor Activities of AEROSPACE MATERIALS MANAGEMENT S.R.L. IN FORMA ABBREVIATA AMM S.R.L. Rolling mills - ferrous metals sintered metal products Office Building Outline icon A page for your business Can you see this?
      Your potential clients will too.
      Join us now so you too can be visible on europages Add my business europages also recommends A selection of companies related to the activity: METAL-TECH Bookmark Outline icon Poland Factory icon Manufacturer/ Producer Delivering comprehensive services catering to a diverse clientele ranging from individual customers to expansive pan-European corporations, our company specializes in precision machining and metal forming tasks including turning, milling, grinding, rolling, threading, and bending. Our headquarters are situated in Gniezno.

Since our inception in 1990 within the Polish market, we've remained dedicated to upholding the highest standards. Our team comprises seasoned and uniquely skilled professionals. We take pride in our ambition and creativity, ensuring that our services consistently exceed expectations, steering clear of routine.

We have multi-axis milling and lathe machines, which ensures the reliable quality of our products.
We can manufacture components based on drawings or selected standards for you. 

We consistently produce various components for our clients, including pins, bushings, handles, screws, nuts, shafts, and rings in serial quantities. We serve companies in industries such as automotive, manufacturing, railway transportation, maritime transportation, and machines manufacturing. TRAFILERIE CARLO GNUTTI - S.P.A. Bookmark Outline icon Italy Factory icon Manufacturer/ Producer Chevron Left icon Chevron Right icon A selection of products that might interest you Bookmark Outline icon Sheet steel rolling of a length of up to 3000 mm i thickness ESTIMET SP Z O.O. Poland Thanks to our experienced team and modern equipment, ESTIMET can undertake virtually any task associated with steel sheet rolling.

The edges of the rolled elements are bent, which eliminates the need for so-called coastings. This operation reduces the waste material that is generated. Rolling of non-standard shapes can be done with the micro-connections in critical places of the rolled element. After the rolling operation is finished the micro-connections are removed. Email icon Request for a quote Bookmark Outline icon Spare Part Roller Mill Liso Knife MAKENAS GRAIN MILLING TECHNOLOGY Turkey Email icon Request for a quote Bookmark Outline icon Wiper roller LBI France We manufacture rough or fully machined wiper rollers for cold rolling of aluminium and stainless steel

Alloy: aluminium bronze with high hardness Email icon Request for a quote Bookmark Outline icon Milling details METAL IN LTD Bulgaria The company have Milling machine with vertical center with 3 and 5 axis with CNC controls. Maximum size of details which we can work is 1200x600x600 mm and maximum weight – 1200 kg. We produce details from all types of steels, crude iron and non-ferrous metals. We possess with instrumental equipment for producing and repairing of devices and instruments, needed for different production of the company. The main details which we produce are:

Pneumatic dividers for compressors
Тooth wheels
Hydraulic distributors
Parts and components for mechanical engineering
Details and units for the food industry Email icon Request for a quote Chevron Left icon Chevron Right icon Request for quotes Create one request and get multiple quotes form verified suppliers. Only relevant suppliers Data privacy compliant 100% free Get multiple quotes Follow us: Add my company For purchaser Browse activities europages at a glance Inside Business Procurement guide For supplier Add my company Update my company Showcase my product Visable supplier app More about Visable About us Media center All our solutions Career For successful sourcing Certified with BME seal of Approval Help and support General conditions of use Privacy policy Cookie policy Agriculture  &  Livestock Food  &  Related Products Energy  &  Raw Materials Metallurgy  &  Metalworking Mechanical Engineering  &  Industry - Equipment Vehicles  &  Transport Equipment Chemicals  &  Pharmaceuticals Rubber  &  Plastics Wood  &  Furniture Construction  &  Public Works Glass  &  Construction Materials Precision Equipment Information Technology Telecommunications Industry Electrical  &  Electronic Equipment Paper  &  Cardboard Leather  &  Shoes Textiles  &  Clothing Printing  &  Publishing Luxury  &  Leisure Products Transport  &  Related Services Travel, Tourism  &  Leisure Marketing, Advertising  &  the Media Banking, Finance  &  Insurance Business Services Health Choose your language English Français Deutsch Español Italiano Nederlands Türkçe عربي Čeština Dansk Eesti keel Eλληνική Latviešu Lietuvių Magyar Norsk Polski Português Pусский Română Slovenščina Suomi Svenska Български 繁體 简体 We use cookies 🍪 For a better experience on europages, we use cookies. Please select below the cookies you accept. Cookie Policy Save my preferences Accept all Show details Hide details Strictly necessary Performance Marketing Functionality Unclassified Cookie declaration About cookies Strictly necessary Performance Marketing Functionality Unclassified Strictly necessary cookies allow core website functionality such as user login and account management. The website cannot be used properly without strictly necessary cookies. Cookie report Name Provider / Domain Expiration Description _jsuid Roxr Software Ltd .europages.fr 1 year This cookie collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works. auth .europages.fr 1 year This cookie is part of the website functionality to identify wether or not the user is connected to our services. cluid Roxr Software Ltd .europages.fr 8 hours This cookie collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works. eqy_sessionid .europages.fr 1 year This cookie is set by GetQuanty a third party service. According to their documentation it is used to link our website to their platform. JSESSIONID Oracle Corporation .europages.fr 1 year This cookie is essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without this cookie services you have asked for, like connecting to our services, shortlist companies and send requests through our form, cannot be provided. _icl_current_language OnTheGoSystems Ltd .corporate.europages.fr 1 day This cookie name is associated with a Wordpress multilingual plug-in from WPML. It stores a language value for the website. Where the cookie is set in response to a user action or request, and as long as it has a short lifespan, it can be treated as strictly necessary. __atuvc Oracle Corporation .europages.fr 1 year This cookie is set by AddThis social sharing widget which is commonly embedded in websites to enable visitors to share content with a range of networking and sharing platforms. It stores an updated page share count. CookieScriptConsent CookieScript .europages.fr 2 months This cookie is set by Cookie Script. It is used to check if you consented already to their cookies. CookieScriptConsent CookieScript .europages.co.uk 1 month This cookie is used by Cookie-Script.com service to remember visitor cookie consent preferences. It is necessary for Cookie-Script.com cookie banner to work properly. atidvisitor Applied Technologies Internet SAS www.europages.co.uk 6 months 2 days This cookie is part of the website's analytics system to gather information regarding visitor activity on its websites and its other online services. This information is sent to AT Internet for analysis and used to improve the services it provides to its users. atid AT Internet .xiti.com 1 year 1 month _ga Google LLC .europages.co.uk 2 years This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics - which is a significant update to Google's more commonly used analytics service. This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports. By default it is set to expire after 2 years, although this is customisable by website owners. _gid Google LLC .europages.co.uk 1 day This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics. This appears to be a new cookie and as of Spring 2017 no information is available from Google. It appears to store and update a unique value for each page visited. _gat_UA-38607859-4 .europages.co.uk 60 seconds _hjFirstSeen Hotjar Ltd .europages.co.uk 30 minutes The cookie is set so Hotjar can track the beginning of the user's journey for a total session count. It does not contain any identifiable information. _hjAbsoluteSessionInProgress Hotjar Ltd .europages.co.uk 30 minutes The cookie is set so Hotjar can track the beginning of the user's journey for a total session count. It does not contain any identifiable information. __cf_bm Cloudflare Inc. .hubspot.com 30 minutes This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. __cf_bm Cloudflare Inc. .mgid.com 30 minutes This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. na_id Oracle Corporation .addthis.com 1 year AddThis - Cookie related to an AddThis sharing button available on the website _GRECAPTCHA Google LLC www.google.com 6 months Google reCAPTCHA sets a necessary cookie (_GRECAPTCHA) when executed for the purpose of providing its risk analysis. JSESSIONID Oracle Corporation www.europages.co.uk Session General purpose platform session cookie, used by sites written in JSP. Usually used to maintain an anonymous user session by the server. suid Simplifi Holdings Inc. .simpli.fi 1 year To store a unique session ID. Performance cookies are used to see how visitors use the website, eg. analytics cookies. Those cookies cannot be used to directly identify a certain visitor. Cookie report Name Provider / Domain Expiration Description _hjid Hotjar Ltd .europages.co.uk 1 year Hotjar cookie. This cookie is set when the customer first lands on a page with the Hotjar script. It is used to persist the random user ID, unique to that site on the browser. This ensures that behavior in subsequent visits to the same site will be attributed to the same user ID. __hstc HubSpot Inc. .europages.co.uk 1 year This cookie name is associated with websites built on the HubSpot platform. It is reported by them as being used for website analytics. __hssrc HubSpot Inc. .europages.co.uk Session This cookie name is associated with websites built on the HubSpot platform. It is reported by them as being used for website analytics. __hssc HubSpot Inc. .europages.co.uk 30 minutes This cookie name is associated with websites built on the HubSpot platform. It is reported by them as being used for website analytics. yandexuid Yandex LLC .yandex.ru 10 years Registers data on visitors' website behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. _gat_UA-38607859-1 .europages.co.uk 60 seconds This is a pattern type cookie set by Google Analytics, where the pattern element on the name contains the unique identity number of the account or website it relates to. It is a variation of the _gat cookie which is used to limit the amount of data recorded by Google on high traffic volume websites. Marketing cookies are used to identify visitors between different websites, eg. content partners, banner networks. Those cookies may be used by companies to build a profile of visitor interests or show relevant ads on other websites. Cookie report Name Provider / Domain Expiration Description test_cookie Google LLC .doubleclick.net 15 minutes This cookie is set by DoubleClick (which is owned by Google) to determine if the website visitor's browser supports cookies. IDE Google LLC .doubleclick.net 2 years This cookie carries out information about how the end user uses the website and any advertising that the end user may have seen before visiting the said website. uid .criteo.com 1 year This cookie provides a uniquely assigned, machine-generated user ID and gathers data about activity on the website. This data may be sent to a 3rd party for analysis and reporting. A3 Yahoo! Inc. .yahoo.com 1 year Ads targeting cookie for Yahoo TapAd_TS Tapad Inc. .tapad.com 2 months This cookie carries out information about how the end user uses the website and any advertising that the end user may have seen before visiting the said website. TapAd_DID Tapad Inc. .tapad.com 2 months This cookie carries out information about how the end user uses the website and any advertising that the end user may have seen before visiting the said website. IDSYNC Verizon Communications Inc. .analytics.yahoo.com 1 year This cookie carries out information about how the end user uses the website and any advertising that the end user may have seen before visiting the said website. rlas3 TowerData Inc. .rlcdn.com 1 year This cookie is generally provided by rlcdn.com and is used for advertising purposes. pxrc TowerData Inc. .rlcdn.com 2 months This cookie registers non-personal data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance. TapAd_3WAY_SYNCS Tapad Inc. .tapad.com 2 months Pending obuid Outbrain Inc. .outbrain.com 3 months This cookie is used to hold an anonymous user's ID. IT is used for tracking user actions. criteo Outbrain Inc. .outbrain.com 1 month This cookie is set by Outbrain and it is used to analyse technical data about the website uuid2 Xandr Inc. .adnxs.com 3 months This cookie allows targeted advertising through the AppNexus platform - collects anonymous data on ad views IP adddress, page views, and more. uuid MediaMath Inc. .tpmn.co.kr 1 year This cookie is used to optimize ad relevance by collecting visitor data from multiple websites – this exchange of visitor data is normally provided by a third-party data-center or ad-exchange. criteo Outbrain Inc. .tpmn.co.kr 1 month This cookie is set by Outbrain and it is used to analyse technical data about the website ouid Oracle Corporation .addthis.com 1 year Social Media sharing tracking cookie. uid .addthis.com 1 year This cookie provides a uniquely assigned, machine-generated user ID and gathers data about activity on the website. This data may be sent to a 3rd party for analysis and reporting. tluid Triple Lift Inc. .3lift.com 3 months This cookie is used to identify the visitor and optimize ad-relevance by collecting visitor data from multiple websites – this exchange of visitor data is normally provided by a third-party data-center or ad-exchange. id .yieldlab.net 1 year This cookie is used for targeting, analyzing and optimisation of ad campaigns in DoubleClick/Google targeting Suite t_gid Taboola Inc. .taboola.com 1 year This cookie is provided by taboola.com and is used for advertising purposes. __utma Google LLC .europages.co.uk 2 years This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. This cookie lasts for 2 years by default and distinguishes between users and sessions. It it used to calculate new and returning visitor statistics. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics. The lifespan of the cookie can be customised by website owners. __utmc Google LLC .europages.co.uk Session This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. It is not used in most sites but is set to enable interoperability with the older version of Google Analytics code known as Urchin. In this older versions this was used in combination with the __utmb cookie to identify new sessions/visits for returning visitors. When used by Google Analytics this is always a Session cookie which is destroyed when the user closes their browser. Where it is seen as a Persistent cookie it is therefore likely to be a different technology setting the cookie. __utmz Google LLC .europages.co.uk 6 months 2 days This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour measure of site performance. This cookie identifies the source of traffic to the site - so Google Analytics can tell site owners where visitors came from when arriving on the site. The cookie has a life span of 6 months and is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics. __utmt Google LLC .europages.co.uk 10 minutes This cookie is set by Google Analytics. According to their documentation it is used to throttle the request rate for the service - limiting the collection of data on high traffic sites. It expires after 10 minutes __utmb Google LLC .europages.co.uk 30 minutes This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. This cookie determines new sessions and visits and expires after 30 minutes. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics. Any activity by a user within the 30 minute life span will count as a single visit, even if the user leaves and then returns to the site. A return after 30 minutes will count as a new visit, but a returning visitor. anj Xandr Inc. .adnxs.com 3 months This cookie contains data denoting whether a cookie ID is synced with an AppNexus partner. tuuid .360yield.com 3 months This cookie is mainly set by bidswitch.net to make advertising messages more relevant to the website visitor. tuuid_lu .360yield.com 3 months Contains a unique visitor ID, which allows Bidswitch.com to track the visitor across multiple websites. This allows Bidswitch to optimize advertisement relevance and ensure that the visitor does not see the same ads multiple times. um Improve Digital Limited .360yield.com 3 months To enable the bidding process. umeh Improve Digital Limited .360yield.com 3 months To enable the bidding process. lidid LiveIntent Inc. .liadm.com 2 years Collects data on visitors' behaviour and interaction - This is used to make advertisement on the website more relevant. The cookie also allows the website to detect any referrals from other websites. PUBMDCID PubMatic Inc. .pubmatic.com 3 months This cookie is generally provided by pubmatic.com and is used for advertising purposes. MUID Microsoft Corporation .bing.com 1 year This cookie is widely used my Microsoft as a unique user identifier. It can be set by embedded microsoft scripts. Widely believed to sync across many different Microsoft domains, allowing user tracking. tuuid .bidswitch.net 1 year This cookie is mainly set by bidswitch.net to make advertising messages more relevant to the website visitor. tuuid_lu .bidswitch.net 1 year Contains a unique visitor ID, which allows Bidswitch.com to track the visitor across multiple websites. This allows Bidswitch to optimize advertisement relevance and ensure that the visitor does not see the same ads multiple times. CMID Casale Media Inc. .casalemedia.com 1 year These cookies are linked to advertising and tracking the products users were looking at. CMPS Casale Media Inc. .casalemedia.com 3 months These cookies are linked to advertising and tracking the products users were looking at. CMPRO Casale Media Inc. .casalemedia.com 3 months These cookies are linked to advertising and tracking the products users were looking at. yuidss Yandex LLC .yandex.ru 10 years Collects information on visitor behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used on the website, in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement. uid .adtdp.com 2 years This cookie provides a uniquely assigned, machine-generated user ID and gathers data about activity on the website. This data may be sent to a 3rd party for analysis and reporting. CMST Casale Media Inc. .casalemedia.com 1 day Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. CMRUM3 Casale Media Inc. .casalemedia.com 1 year These cookies are linked to advertising and tracking the products users were looking at. APID Yahoo! Inc. .advertising.com 1 year This cookie carries out information about how the end user uses the website and any advertising that the end user may have seen before visiting the said website. APID Yahoo! Inc. .yahoo.com 3 months 9 days This cookie carries out information about how the end user uses the website and any advertising that the end user may have seen before visiting the said website. uu Ströer Core GmbH & Co. KG .adscale.de 12 months 2 days Used to target ads by registering the user's movements across websites. PugT PubMatic Inc. .pubmatic.com 1 month Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device during return visits across websites that use the same ad network. The ID is used to allow targeted ads. cProfile .neodatagroup.com 15 days 2 hours cGEO .neodatagroup.com 6 hours __gads Google LLC .europages.co.uk 1 year This cookie is associated with the DoubleClick for Publishers service from Google. Its purpose is to do with the showing of adverts on the site, for which the owner may earn some revenue. cP .neodatagroup.com 1 year cS .neodatagroup.com Session UID Full Circle Studies Inc. ads.stickyadstv.com 1 month This cookie provides a uniquely assigned, machine-generated user ID and gathers data about activity on the website. This data may be sent to a 3rd party for analysis and reporting. uuid MediaMath Inc. .sxp.smartclip.net 1 month This cookie is used to optimize ad relevance by collecting visitor data from multiple websites – this exchange of visitor data is normally provided by a third-party data-center or ad-exchange. EPFilterID .europages.co.uk Session _kuid_ Salesforce.com Inc. .krxd.net 6 months This cookie carries out information about how the end user uses the website and any advertising that the end user may have seen before visiting the said website. ab .agkn.com 1 year This cookie is generally provided by agkn.com and is used for advertising purposes. bkdc Oracle Corporation .bluekai.com 6 months This cookie is usually set by websites to register anonymised user data (IP address, geolocation, etc.) as well as aggregate anonymous activities to enable marketers to provide more targeted online advertising. bkpa Oracle Corporation .bluekai.com 6 months Used to present the visitor with relevant content and advertisement - The service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. bku Oracle Corporation .bluekai.com 6 months This cookie is generally provided by bluekai.com and is used for advertising purposes. YSC Google LLC .youtube.com Session This cookie is set by YouTube to track views of embedded videos. VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Google LLC .youtube.com 6 months This cookie is set by Youtube to keep track of user preferences for Youtube videos embedded in sites;it can also determine whether the website visitor is using the new or old version of the Youtube interface. demdex Adobe Inc. .demdex.net 6 months This cookie helps Adobe Audience Manger perform basic functions such as visitor identification, ID synchronization, segmentation, modeling, reporting, etc. dpm Adobe Inc. .dpm.demdex.net 6 months Adobe Audience Manager - data management platform uses this cookie to record information around synchronisation of IDs. _uid FreeWheel Media Inc. .fwmrm.net 6 months This cookie is used to enable user to share pages through third party social networking websites. TDID The Trade Desk Inc. .adsrvr.org 1 year This cookie carries out information about how the end user uses the website and any advertising that the end user may have seen before visiting the said website. TDCPM The Trade Desk Inc. .adsrvr.org 1 year This cookie carries out information about how the end user uses the website and any advertising that the end user may have seen before visiting the said website. uuid MediaMath Inc. .mathtag.com 1 year This cookie is used to optimize ad relevance by collecting visitor data from multiple websites – this exchange of visitor data is normally provided by a third-party data-center or ad-exchange. wfivefivec Roku Inc. .w55c.net 1 year 1 month This cookie is generally provided by w55c.net and is used for advertising purposes. everest_g_v2 Adobe Inc. .everesttech.net 1 year This cookie carries out information about how the end user uses the website and any advertising that the end user may have seen before visiting the said website. uid .adform.net 2 months This cookie provides a uniquely assigned, machine-generated user ID and gathers data about activity on the website. This data may be sent to a 3rd party for analysis and reporting. bito Comcast Corporation .bidr.io 1 year This cookie is generally provided by bidr.io and is used for advertising purposes. bitoIsSecure Comcast Corporation .bidr.io 1 year Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. uid .turn.com 6 months This cookie provides a uniquely assigned, machine-generated user ID and gathers data about activity on the website. This data may be sent to a 3rd party for analysis and reporting. uid adx.dable.io 3 months 9 days This cookie provides a uniquely assigned, machine-generated user ID and gathers data about activity on the website. This data may be sent to a 3rd party for analysis and reporting. uid .adotmob.com 1 year 1 month This cookie provides a uniquely assigned, machine-generated user ID and gathers data about activity on the website. This data may be sent to a 3rd party for analysis and reporting. uuid MediaMath Inc. .adotmob.com 1 year 1 month This cookie is used to optimize ad relevance by collecting visitor data from multiple websites – this exchange of visitor data is normally provided by a third-party data-center or ad-exchange. ANON_ID Exponential Interactive Inc. .tribalfusion.com 3 months Collects data on user visits to the website, such as what pages have been accessed. The registered data is used to categorise the user's interest and demographic profiles in terms of resales for targeted marketing. viewer ORTEC B.V. .adscience.nl 1 year Used by adscience.nl to measure visitor numbers and information and use it to optimize marketing campaigns. KADUSERCOOKIE PubMatic Inc. .pubmatic.com 3 months This cookie is generally provided by pubmatic.com and is used for advertising purposes. uid .adhaven.com 10 years This cookie provides a uniquely assigned, machine-generated user ID and gathers data about activity on the website. This data may be sent to a 3rd party for analysis and reporting. Functionality cookies are used to remember visitor information on the website, eg. language, timezone, enhanced content. Cookie report Name Provider / Domain Expiration Description hubspotutk HubSpot Inc. .europages.co.uk 1 year This cookie name is associated with websites built on the HubSpot platform. HubSpot report that its purpose is user authentication. As a persistent rather than a session cookie it cannot be classified as Strictly Necessary. muidn Microsoft Corporation .mgid.com 16 years 4 months Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. sessionId ads.stickyadstv.com Session This is a very generic cookie name that may have different purposes on different sites, but generally it will be some kind of anonymous session identifier. Unclassified cookies are cookies that do not belong to any other category or are in the process of categorization. Cookie report Name Provider / Domain Expiration Description cto_bundle .europages.co.uk 1 year 1 month mg_sync MGID Inc. cm.mgid.com 1 month mCookie Mediawallah .mediawallahscript.com 2 years mUserCookie .mediawallahscript.com 2 years __ID Revcontent .revcontent.com 50 years v1_151 .revcontent.com 1 month visitor-id Media.net .media.net 1 year data-c-ts Media.net .media.net 1 month data-c Media.net .media.net 1 month gdpr_status .media.net 6 months 5 days _li_ss i.liadm.com 1 month stx_user_id Sharethrough, Inc .sharethrough.com 1 year c .bidswitch.net 1 year pr .adtdp.com 2 years opt_out .postrelease.com 1 year APIDTS Yahoo .yahoo.com 1 day cct .adscale.de 12 months 2 days tu .ih.adscale.de 12 months 2 days VID .mail.ru 1 year KRTBCOOKIE_273 .pubmatic.com 1 month gdpr .aralego.com 1 year KRTBCOOKIE_97 PubMatic .pubmatic.com 1 month uid-bp-11554 ads.stickyadstv.com 1 month i OpenX .openx.net 1 year dspuuid Smartclip (or "unknown" if the vendor has changed or this is inaccurate) .sxp.smartclip.net 1 month psyn .sxp.smartclip.net 1 month urtb_crit ANTS .ants.vn 1 month uid-bp-36033 ads.stickyadstv.com 2 months MRM_UID StickyADS.tv ads.stickyadstv.com 2 months uid-bp-159 StickyADS.tv ads.stickyadstv.com 1 day uid-bp-892 ads.stickyadstv.com 2 months uid-bp-717 ads.stickyadstv.com 1 month uid-bp-951 ads.stickyadstv.com 2 months uid-bp-529 ads.stickyadstv.com 2 months matchfreewheel .w55c.net 1 month uid-bp-23329 ads.stickyadstv.com 2 months uid-bp-45 ads.stickyadstv.com 2 months C Adform .adform.net 1 month uid-bp-617 ads.stickyadstv.com 2 months uid-bp-26913 ads.stickyadstv.com 1 month uid-bp-171 ads.stickyadstv.com 1 month cu .ipredictive.com 1 year uid-bp-25746 ads.stickyadstv.com 2 months uid-bp-25522 ads.stickyadstv.com 2 months partners .adotmob.com 1 year 1 month uid-bp-1501 ads.stickyadstv.com 2 months uid-bp-33281 ads.stickyadstv.com 2 months sskyu SundaySky .sundaysky.com 2 years sskyCreationTime SundaySky .sundaysky.com 2 years sskya SundaySky .sundaysky.com 7 days uid-bp-23521 ads.stickyadstv.com 2 months uid-bp-838 ads.stickyadstv.com 2 months fw_ts .adscience.nl 1 year uid-bp-37825 StickyADS.tv (now part of Comcast Technology Solutions) ads.stickyadstv.com 2 months uid-bp-31665 ads.stickyadstv.com 2 months SyncRTB3 PubMatic .pubmatic.com 3 months chkChromeAb67Sec .pubmatic.com 3 months SPugT PubMatic, Inc. .pubmatic.com 1 month uid-bp-24418 ads.stickyadstv.com 7 days uid-bp-36433 ads.stickyadstv.com 2 months Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. Websites use cookies to help users navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. Cookies that are required for the website to operate properly are allowed to be set without your permission. All other cookies need to be approved before they can be set in the browser. You can change your consent to cookie usage at any time on our Privacy Policy page. Cookies consent ID : Cookie report created by CookieScript

AEROSPACE MATERIALS MANAGEMENT S.R.L. IN FORMA ABBREVIATA AMM S.R.L., Laminatoi per metalli ferrosi, prodotti metallici sinterizzati - Europages Categorie ​ Attività, Prodotto, Azienda Iscrivi la tua azienda Ottieni più preventivi Accedi Italiano Chiudere Iscrivi la tua azienda Ottieni più preventivi Accedi Italiano Categorie europages > Laminatoi per metalli ferrosi > AEROSPACE MATERIALS MANAGEMENT S.R.L. IN FORMA ABBREVIATA AMM S.R.L. AEROSPACE MATERIALS MANAGEMENT S.R.L. IN FORMA ABBREVIATA AMM S.R.L. Italia Factory icon Subfornitore Phone icon Bookmark Outline icon Domain icon Subfornitore AEROSPACE MATERIALS MANAGEMENT S.R.L. IN FORMA ABBREVIATA AMM S.R.L. Indirizzo 159 VIA ITALIA 20874 Busnago - Italia N° di P. IVA Acceda o effettui il login per visualizzare Si è verificato un errore Telefono Bookmark Outline icon Aggiungi alla tua lista Informazioni L'azienda AEROSPACE MATERIALS MANAGEMENT S.R.L. IN FORMA ABBREVIATA AMM S.R.L., è una Subfornitore, che opera nel settore Laminatoi per metalli ferrosi. E' presente anche nei settori prodotti metallici sinterizzati. Ha sede presso Busnago, Italia. Altre aziende nello stesso settore: METAL-TECH TRAFILERIE CARLO GNUTTI - S.P.A. Domain icon Subfornitore AEROSPACE MATERIALS MANAGEMENT S.R.L. IN FORMA ABBREVIATA AMM S.R.L. 159 VIA ITALIA 20874 Busnago - Italia N° di P. IVA Acceda o effettui il login per visualizzare Si è verificato un errore Informazioni azienda Organizzazione Tipologia aziendale Sede legale Attività principale Subfornitore Attività di Laminatoi per metalli ferrosi prodotti metallici sinterizzati Office Building Outline icon Una pagina per la tua azienda Vedi questo testo?
      Lo vedono anche i tuoi potenziali clienti
      Unisciti a noi per rendere la tua azienda visibile su europages. Aggiungere la mia impresa europages ti raccomanda inoltre Una selezione di aziende vicine all'attività: METAL-TECH Bookmark Outline icon Polonia Factory icon Fabbricante/ Produttore La nostra azienda è specializzata in lavorazioni meccaniche di precisione e in attività di formatura dei metalli, tra cui tornitura, fresatura, rettifica, laminazione, filettatura e piegatura. Forniamo servizi completi per una clientela diversificata che spazia dai clienti privati alle grandi aziende paneuropee La nostra sede si trova a Gniezno. Sin dalla nostra nascita, nel 1990, operando sul mercato polacco, ci siamo sempre impegnati a mantenere standard elevati. Il nostro team è composto da professionisti esperti e straordinariamente qualificati. Siamo orgogliosi della nostra ambizione e creatività e facciamo in modo che i nostri servizi superino costantemente le aspettative, rifuggendo dalla routine. Disponiamo di macchine multiasse per la fresatura e il tornio, che garantiscono l'elevata qualità e affidabilità dei nostri prodotti. Siamo in grado di produrre per vostro conto componenti realizzati in base a disegni o standard appositamente definiti. Per venire incontro alle esigenze dei nostri clienti, produciamo regolarmente un'ampia tipologia di componenti, tra cui perni, boccole, maniglie, viti, dadi, alberi e anelli in grandi serie e quantità. Serviamo aziende in settori quali automotive, manifatturiero, trasporto ferroviario, trasporto marittimo e produzione di macchinari. TRAFILERIE CARLO GNUTTI - S.P.A. Bookmark Outline icon Italia Factory icon Fabbricante/ Produttore Le Trafilerie Carlo Gnutti hanno lo stabilimento di produzione nel comune di Chiari in provincia di Brescia, in via San Bernardino 23/A. 
Le Trafilerie Carlo Gnutti offrono alla loro clientela manifatturiera nazionale e internazionale un'ottima produzione di semilavorati in ottone a costi interessanti e a condizioni di particolare favore. Hanno infatti investito nell'acquisizione di nuove tecnologie, attrezzature ad alta innovazione e spazi operativi per garantire lavorazioni di ottima qualità in tempi contenuti e con consegne sempre puntuali. Le Trafilerie Carlo Gnutti dispongono di ottimi impianti di colata continua, semicontinua e statici ed efficienti reparti estrusione compresse, di trafilatura e per barre, tubi e filo e di laminazione a freddo ed hanno sviluppato e costituito uno staff tecnico-professionale-amministrativo di eccezionale competenza, composto da professionisti di pluriennale esperienza e continua formazione, in grado di trasformare ogni vostra necessità commerciale e di produzione di manufatti estremamente affidabili e dall'estetica raffinata. Chevron Left icon Chevron Right icon Una selezione di prodotti che potrebbero interessarti Bookmark Outline icon Edilizia NUOVA PROFILATRICI ARTA Italia Costruzione di serie di rulli, macchine profilatrici, e impianti per copertura tetti, pannelli sandwich per tetti, pareti, portoni sezionali e pannelli architettonici, profili sottocoppo, travi e binari per portoni e cancelli, accessori cartongesso, profili grecati bugnati per soppalchi, serrande, tende e accessori per tapparelle Email icon Chieda un preventivo Richiesta di preventivi Crea una richiesta e ottieni più preventivi da fornitori verificati Solo fornitori rilevanti Rispetto della privacy dei dati 100% gratuito Ottieni più preventivi Seguici: Ridefinire la mia azienda Per l'acquirente Sfogliare le attività europages in sintesi Inside Business Guida all'acquisto Per il fornitore Ridefinire la mia azienda Aggiornare la mia azienda Presentare il mio prodotto Visable supplier app Più su Visable Chi siamo Media center Tutte le nostre soluzioni Carriera Per un sourcing di successo Certificato con il sigillo di approvazione BME Aiuto e supporto Condizioni generali di utilizzo Politica sulla privacy Politica sui cookie Agricoltura e zootecnia Alimentazione Fonti energetiche e materie prime Metallurgia e lavorazione dei metalli Costruzioni meccaniche - macchine Veicoli e attrezzature per il trasporto Chimica e farmacia Gomma e materie plastiche Legname e arredamento Edilizia e lavori pubblici Vetro e materiali da costruzione Materiale di precisione Informatica Industria e telecomunicazioni Materiale elettrico ed elettronico Carta e cartone Pelletteria e calzature Tessile e abbigliamento Stampa ed editoria Prodotti di lusso e hobbistica Trasporti e servizi annessi Viaggi, turismo e tempo libero Marketing, pubblicità e media Banca, finanza e assicurazioni Servizi per le aziende Salute Scegli la tua lingua English Français Deutsch Español Italiano Nederlands Türkçe عربي Čeština Dansk Eesti keel Eλληνική Latviešu Lietuvių Magyar Norsk Polski Português Pусский Română Slovenščina Suomi Svenska Български 繁體 简体 Utilizziamo i cookie 🍪 Per una migliore esperienza su europages utilizziamo i cookie. Seleziona di seguito i cookie che accetti. Policy di utilizzo dei cookie Salva le mie preferenze Accetta tutto Mostra dettagli Nascondi dettagli Strettamente necessari Performance Marketing Functionality Unclassified Cookie declaration About cookies Strettamente necessari Performance Marketing Functionality Unclassified I cookie strettamente necessari abilitano le funzionalità di base del sito web come l'autenticazione degli utenti e la gestione dell'account. Il sito web non può essere utilizzato correttamente senza i cookie strettamente necessari. Cookie report Name Provider / Domain Expiration Description _jsuid Roxr Software Ltd .europages.fr 1 year This cookie collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works. auth .europages.fr 1 year This cookie is part of the website functionality to identify wether or not the user is connected to our services. cluid Roxr Software Ltd .europages.fr 8 hours This cookie collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works. eqy_sessionid .europages.fr 1 year This cookie is set by GetQuanty a third party service. According to their documentation it is used to link our website to their platform. JSESSIONID Oracle Corporation .europages.fr 1 year This cookie is essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without this cookie services you have asked for, like connecting to our services, shortlist companies and send requests through our form, cannot be provided. _icl_current_language OnTheGoSystems Ltd .corporate.europages.fr 1 day This cookie name is associated with a Wordpress multilingual plug-in from WPML. It stores a language value for the website. Where the cookie is set in response to a user action or request, and as long as it has a short lifespan, it can be treated as strictly necessary. __atuvc Oracle Corporation .europages.fr 1 year This cookie is set by AddThis social sharing widget which is commonly embedded in websites to enable visitors to share content with a range of networking and sharing platforms. It stores an updated page share count. CookieScriptConsent CookieScript .europages.fr 2 months This cookie is set by Cookie Script. It is used to check if you consented already to their cookies. CookieScriptConsent CookieScript .europages.it 1 month This cookie is used by Cookie-Script.com service to remember visitor cookie consent preferences. It is necessary for Cookie-Script.com cookie banner to work properly. atidvisitor Applied Technologies Internet SAS www.europages.it 6 months 2 days This cookie is part of the website's analytics system to gather information regarding visitor activity on its websites and its other online services. This information is sent to AT Internet for analysis and used to improve the services it provides to its users. atid AT Internet .xiti.com 1 year 1 month _ga Google LLC .europages.it 2 years This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics - which is a significant update to Google's more commonly used analytics service. This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports. By default it is set to expire after 2 years, although this is customisable by website owners. _gid Google LLC .europages.it 1 day This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics. This appears to be a new cookie and as of Spring 2017 no information is available from Google. It appears to store and update a unique value for each page visited. _gat_UA-38607859-4 .europages.it 60 seconds _hjFirstSeen Hotjar Ltd .europages.it 30 minutes The cookie is set so Hotjar can track the beginning of the user's journey for a total session count. It does not contain any identifiable information. _hjIncludedInPageviewSample Hotjar Ltd www.europages.it 2 minutes This cookie is set to let Hotjar know whether that visitor is included in the data sampling defined by your site's pageview limit. _hjAbsoluteSessionInProgress Hotjar Ltd .europages.it 30 minutes The cookie is set so Hotjar can track the beginning of the user's journey for a total session count. It does not contain any identifiable information. __cf_bm Cloudflare Inc. .hubspot.com 30 minutes This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. JSESSIONID Oracle Corporation www.europages.it Session General purpose platform session cookie, used by sites written in JSP. Usually used to maintain an anonymous user session by the server. suid Simplifi Holdings Inc. .simpli.fi 1 year To store a unique session ID. Performance cookies are used to see how visitors use the website, eg. analytics cookies. Those cookies cannot be used to directly identify a certain visitor. Cookie report Name Provider / Domain Expiration Description _hjid Hotjar Ltd .europages.it 1 year Hotjar cookie. This cookie is set when the customer first lands on a page with the Hotjar script. It is used to persist the random user ID, unique to that site on the browser. This ensures that behavior in subsequent visits to the same site will be attributed to the same user ID. __hstc HubSpot Inc. .europages.it 1 year This cookie name is associated with websites built on the HubSpot platform. It is reported by them as being used for website analytics. __hssrc HubSpot Inc. .europages.it Session This cookie name is associated with websites built on the HubSpot platform. It is reported by them as being used for website analytics. __hssc HubSpot Inc. .europages.it 30 minutes This cookie name is associated with websites built on the HubSpot platform. It is reported by them as being used for website analytics. __utma Google LLC .europages.it 2 years This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. This cookie lasts for 2 years by default and distinguishes between users and sessions. It it used to calculate new and returning visitor statistics. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics. The lifespan of the cookie can be customised by website owners. __utmc Google LLC .europages.it Session This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. It is not used in most sites but is set to enable interoperability with the older version of Google Analytics code known as Urchin. In this older versions this was used in combination with the __utmb cookie to identify new sessions/visits for returning visitors. When used by Google Analytics this is always a Session cookie which is destroyed when the user closes their browser. Where it is seen as a Persistent cookie it is therefore likely to be a different technology setting the cookie. __utmz Google LLC .europages.it 6 months 2 days This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour measure of site performance. This cookie identifies the source of traffic to the site - so Google Analytics can tell site owners where visitors came from when arriving on the site. The cookie has a life span of 6 months and is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics. __utmt Google LLC .europages.it 10 minutes This cookie is set by Google Analytics. According to their documentation it is used to throttle the request rate for the service - limiting the collection of data on high traffic sites. It expires after 10 minutes __utmb Google LLC .europages.it 30 minutes This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. This cookie determines new sessions and visits and expires after 30 minutes. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics. Any activity by a user within the 30 minute life span will count as a single visit, even if the user leaves and then returns to the site. A return after 30 minutes will count as a new visit, but a returning visitor. _gat_UA-38607859-1 .europages.it 60 seconds This is a pattern type cookie set by Google Analytics, where the pattern element on the name contains the unique identity number of the account or website it relates to. It is a variation of the _gat cookie which is used to limit the amount of data recorded by Google on high traffic volume websites. dyn_u DynAdmic SAS .dyntrk.com 1 year Saves statistics on how visitors use Dailymotion videos on different websites. I cookie di marketing vengono utilizzati per identificare i visitatori su diversi siti web, ad esempio partner di contenuti, reti di banner. Tali cookie possono essere utilizzati dalle aziende per creare un profilo degli interessi dei visitatori o mostrare annunci pertinenti su altri siti web. Cookie report Name Provider / Domain Expiration Description test_cookie Google LLC .doubleclick.net 15 minutes This cookie is set by DoubleClick (which is owned by Google) to determine if the website visitor's browser supports cookies. uid .criteo.com 1 year This cookie provides a uniquely assigned, machine-generated user ID and gathers data about activity on the website. This data may be sent to a 3rd party for analysis and reporting. IDE Google LLC .doubleclick.net 2 years This cookie carries out information about how the end user uses the website and any advertising that the end user may have seen before visiting the said website. cProfile .neodatagroup.com 15 days 2 hours cGEO .neodatagroup.com 6 hours __gads Google LLC .europages.it 1 year This cookie is associated with the DoubleClick for Publishers service from Google. Its purpose is to do with the showing of adverts on the site, for which the owner may earn some revenue. cP .neodatagroup.com 1 year cS .neodatagroup.com Session DSID Google LLC .doubleclick.net 1 hour This cookie is set to note your specific user identity. It contains a hashed/encrypted unique ID. uuid2 Xandr Inc. .adnxs.com 3 months This cookie allows targeted advertising through the AppNexus platform - collects anonymous data on ad views IP adddress, page views, and more. CMID Casale Media Inc. .casalemedia.com 1 year These cookies are linked to advertising and tracking the products users were looking at. CMPS Casale Media Inc. .casalemedia.com 3 months These cookies are linked to advertising and tracking the products users were looking at. CMPRO Casale Media Inc. .casalemedia.com 3 months These cookies are linked to advertising and tracking the products users were looking at. CMST Casale Media Inc. .casalemedia.com 1 day Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. CMRUM3 Casale Media Inc. .casalemedia.com 1 year These cookies are linked to advertising and tracking the products users were looking at. KTPCACOOKIE PubMatic Inc. .pubmatic.com 1 day This cookie is generally provided by pubmatic.com and is used for advertising purposes. KADUSERCOOKIE PubMatic Inc. .pubmatic.com 3 months This cookie is generally provided by pubmatic.com and is used for advertising purposes. mc Quality Unit LLC .quantserve.com 1 year 1 month This cookie is usually provided by Quantserve to track anonymous information about how website visitors use the site. pd OpenX Technologies Inc. .openx.net 15 days This cookie is generally provided by openx.net and is used for advertising purposes. uid .adform.net 2 months This cookie provides a uniquely assigned, machine-generated user ID and gathers data about activity on the website. This data may be sent to a 3rd party for analysis and reporting. YSC Google LLC .youtube.com Session This cookie is set by YouTube to track views of embedded videos. VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Google LLC .youtube.com 6 months This cookie is set by Youtube to keep track of user preferences for Youtube videos embedded in sites;it can also determine whether the website visitor is using the new or old version of the Youtube interface. uuid MediaMath Inc. .mathtag.com 1 year This cookie is used to optimize ad relevance by collecting visitor data from multiple websites – this exchange of visitor data is normally provided by a third-party data-center or ad-exchange. bito Comcast Corporation .bidr.io 1 year This cookie is generally provided by bidr.io and is used for advertising purposes. bitoIsSecure Comcast Corporation .bidr.io 1 year Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. tuuid .bidswitch.net 1 year This cookie is mainly set by bidswitch.net to make advertising messages more relevant to the website visitor. tuuid_lu .bidswitch.net 1 year Contains a unique visitor ID, which allows Bidswitch.com to track the visitor across multiple websites. This allows Bidswitch to optimize advertisement relevance and ensure that the visitor does not see the same ads multiple times. tuuid pool.admedo.com 1 year This cookie is mainly set by bidswitch.net to make advertising messages more relevant to the website visitor. tuuid_lu pool.admedo.com 1 year Contains a unique visitor ID, which allows Bidswitch.com to track the visitor across multiple websites. This allows Bidswitch to optimize advertisement relevance and ensure that the visitor does not see the same ads multiple times. wfivefivec Roku Inc. .w55c.net 1 year 1 month This cookie is generally provided by w55c.net and is used for advertising purposes. matchopenx Roku Inc. .w55c.net 1 month This cookie is used to synchronize data for specific advertisements with third-party systems A3 Yahoo! Inc. .yahoo.com 1 year Ads targeting cookie for Yahoo uid .turn.com 6 months This cookie provides a uniquely assigned, machine-generated user ID and gathers data about activity on the website. This data may be sent to a 3rd party for analysis and reporting. _cc_dc Lotame Solutions Inc. .crwdcntrl.net 8 months 29 days This cookie is generally provided by crwdcntrl.net and is used for advertising purposes. _cc_id Lotame Solutions Inc. .crwdcntrl.net 8 months 29 days This cookie is generally provided by crwdcntrl.net and is used for advertising purposes. _cc_cc Lotame Solutions Inc. .crwdcntrl.net 9 months This cookie is generally provided by crwdcntrl.net and is used for advertising purposes. _cc_aud Lotame Solutions Inc. .crwdcntrl.net 9 months This cookie is generally provided by crwdcntrl.net and is used for advertising purposes. everest_g_v2 Adobe Inc. .everesttech.net 1 year This cookie carries out information about how the end user uses the website and any advertising that the end user may have seen before visiting the said website. jpxumaster JustPremium B.V. .justpremium.com 1 month 1 day Used to present the visitor with relevant content and advertisement - The service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. jpxumatched JustPremium B.V. .justpremium.com 3 hours Used to present the visitor with relevant content and advertisement - The service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. DNT .mrpdata.net 9 years 12 months These are third party Twitter cookies. These cookies enable users, if they wish, to login to their Twitter account share content from our websites with their friends. These cookies do not allow us access to your accounts or provide us with any confidential information relating to your accounts. These cookies also allow a news feed of tweets to appear on the website. ruds Amazon.com Inc. .rfihub.com Session Registers anonymised user data, such as IP address, geographical location, visited websites, and what ads the user has clicked. Functionality cookies are used to remember visitor information on the website, eg. language, timezone, enhanced content. Cookie report Name Provider / Domain Expiration Description hubspotutk HubSpot Inc. .europages.it 1 year This cookie name is associated with websites built on the HubSpot platform. HubSpot report that its purpose is user authentication. As a persistent rather than a session cookie it cannot be classified as Strictly Necessary. Unclassified cookies are cookies that do not belong to any other category or are in the process of categorization. Cookie report Name Provider / Domain Expiration Description cto_bundle .europages.it 1 year 1 month i OpenX .openx.net 1 year d Quantcast .quantserve.com 3 months EPFilterID .europages.it Session exactag_new_gk Exactag m.exactag.com 3 months exactag_new_uk Exactag GmbH m.exactag.com 6 months session_session m.exactag.com Session tr .neodatagroup.com 1 year C Adform .seadform.net 1 month C Adform .adform.net 1 month c .bidswitch.net 1 year c pool.admedo.com 1 year u .erne.co 1 year cookie .onaudience.com 1 year done_redirects104 .onaudience.com 1 day U .mrpdata.net 29 days 23 hours cu .ipredictive.com 12 months 4 days b .blismedia.com 1 year rud .rfihub.com 1 year eud Rocket Fuel (Sizmek by Amazon) .rfihub.com 1 year OMISky_SKYIT .seadform.net 1 day Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. Websites use cookies to help users navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. Cookies that are required for the website to operate properly are allowed to be set without your permission. All other cookies need to be approved before they can be set in the browser. You can change your consent to cookie usage at any time on our Privacy Policy page. Cookies consent ID : Cookie report created by CookieScript

Kompass.com Please contact your local Kompass or support.bip@kompass.com We apologize for any inconvenience. The Kompass team. Thu May 09 2024 16:24:52 GMT+0200 (Central European Summer Time) My public IP address is: 93.66.87.21

