Ardemagni spa | DITH Menu Home Open submenu (Company) Company Open submenu (Activities) Activities Open submenu (Responsibility) Responsibility Locations Contact Us Close submenu Company At a Glance Our Company Our Purpose Our Business Model Our Business Principles DITH Footprint Close submenu Activities Overview Trading Distribution Production Services Close submenu Responsibility Responsible Practice Risk Management Business Conduct Sustainability Home Ardemagni spa Ardemagni spa About us Alliance Responsibility Commitment to the environment Activity and Applications Products Download Contact Details Ardemagni spa: The e-steel service centre in the heart of Europe What makes us different? Our strategic alliances Assures highest quality material and most reliable services A brand-new plant Offers latest technology that optimizes execution quality, efficiency, and effectiveness. NGO e-steel fully dedicated Service Centre Ensures tailored-made service About us Ardemagni S.p.A. is one of the leading players in the supply chain for electrical steel thanks to its quality and availability of material, as well as its capability to distribute throughout Europe. Our leading market position is the result of a long history of success and strategic choices made at the right times. 1946 - Foundation by the Ardemagni family Founded in 1946, as a family-run business, Ardemagni, gained over the years an outstanding ranking in the Italian market in the electrical steel distribution. The business evolved rapidly over time, and by the 1970s it began processing electrical steel, establishing itself as a reference for the well-known Acciai Speciali Terni and Falk companies. By the early 1990s, thanks to both geographic proximity and successful relationships with Falk's sales managers, Ardemagni had earned a prominent place on the Italian market in the distribution of electrical steel. The first factory, still visible today, on Viale Emilia in Cinisello Balsamo, grew as its business grew: from an island in the wilderness, in the middle of the countryside, to a reality framed in Milanese entrepreneurship, next to the strategic junction of the northern ring road. 2010 - Acquisition by DITH and CSC Group In 2010 , China Steel Corporation (CSC) and Duferco International Trading Holding S.A. (DITH) decided to invest in the Ardemagni Service Centre. This milestone in our history saw the company taken over by DITH, a global leader in steel trading, and CSC of Taiwan, China, which produces 1.2 million tons per year of top-quality NGO electrical steel. CSC and DITH decided to invest in Ardemagni's service centre because of its brand name and reputation. The long-term partnership between Ardemagni, DITH and CSC immediately led to faster business growth with the acquisition of new important customers and the expansion of activity into the e-mobility sector. For this reason, a few years after the acquisition, we began to consider the expansion of the production site. 2021 - Commissioning of a new plant To respond to the growing demand for electrical steel for the production of e-motors, especially in the electric mobility sector, in 2016, the company decided to invest in a new plant for a structural expansion. At the end of 2021, right on its 75th anniversary, the company left its historic headquarters in Viale Emilia 32, to be relocated just 2 km away, in via Monfalcone 25, Cinisello Balsamo. To celebrate the new plant, in June 2022 Ardemagni held a Grand Opening Soiree right inside the production site, with more than 200 guests, including customers, suppliers, and many other stakeholders. Alliance China Steel Corporation, DITH & Ardemagni joined together to ensure the highest quality all along the supply chain of non-grain oriented electrical steel. Fundamental assets for a steel processing company are financial strength and logistics management; supply chain security is vitally important in building and implementing a robust sourcing strategy. This alliance enables Ardemagni to be a reliable and strong counterparty to the most important e-mobility manufacturers worldwide, who require premium quality material for their European manufacturing operations. Duferco International Trading Holding In a more and more complex international steel trade market, the alliance with DITH ensures Ardemagni has access to appropriate financial resources while benefitting from world-leading steel logistics capability. CHINA STEEL CORPORATION, KAOHSIUNG, TAIWAN The alliance with CSC represents for Ardemagni the key to value creation in downstream operations. Access to steady and consistent volumes of highest quality material, continuous benefit from CSC technical development and tailored technical support to customers is only a part of the service that Ardemagni can offer to its customers in all application fields. “A steel mill that produces premium products with high value, developing and improving carbon reduction technologies.” Headquartered in Taiwan, China with 16 million tons of steel production capacity, the CSC Group has positioned itself as a group that not only integrates steel and materials, engineering and services, mining, and resources, but also strives to be an excellent eco-friendly and resource-saving global player. In 2020 CSC declared its dual development cores for the next 50 years: 1.         to be a high-value premium steel plant 2.         to develop in the green energy industry. One of the major innovative research programs of CSC is to develop the technology of the electric vehicle industry. In 2011-2014 CSC invested 500 million USD in in the production of top-grade thin gauge NGO electrical steel. To satisfy the demands of the EV industry, CSC is committed to the development of thin gauge electrical steels with lower iron loss, higher magnetic flux density and higher mechanical strength. As the steel service centre of China Steel Corporation (CSC), there are many good reasons to have Ardemagni as a partner in the EV production chain. Production capability: Ardemagni offers the full range of grades from 0.20mm~0.35mm and a high capability to meet customized requirements. Leading quality: Ardemagni ensures best performance on material quality, thickness, deviation and shape control. Experience: CSC is one of most experienced mills on thin gauge EV electrical steel. Reliability: Given that Taiwan has no automotive production, CSC is able to offer a reliable and stable volume of supply to Ardemagni as well as offering full technical support and cooperation from its R&D department Responsibility Ardemagni, as a joint-venture company, has implemented the CSR policies of DITH. https://dith.com/dith/responsibility/responsible-practice.html CSC also has its own CSR policy, according to international standards and requirements. https://www.csc.com.tw/csc_e/hr/csr/index.htm In fact, both companies, as internationally significant groups, have adopted scrupulous and continuously - updated corporate policies. Ardemagni’s Health and Safety management is in line with European standards and Italian legislation requirements. Commitment to the environment Ardemagni and its shareholders, CSC and DITH, take care through the whole production cycle and beyond, from steelmaking to the final applications of the product. How we do this? 1. Developing new technologies to improve our steel so that the motors in the final product are more efficient and consume less energy (short term goal) 2. Developing new materials, like wind power related materials and top-grade electrical sheets, in order to expand our business into eco-friendly downstream industries. (mid-term goal) 3. Engaging in low-carbon transition in collaboration with industry chains in order to reduce the carbon footprint of our products. (mid-term goal) 4. Developing a diverse range of renewable energy sources in response to low-carbon transition. (mid-term goal) 5. Engaging in energy conservation and carbon reduction, developing carbon rights, and participating in the carbon market. (mid-term goal) 6. Strengthening climate resilience to increase competitiveness as countries respond to climate change. (long-term goal) Activity and Applications Ardemagni imports coils and processes, packages and delivers strips to customers’ specifications. Our customers include blanking companies, motor manufacturers and OEMs. Ardemagni’s Electrical Steel is primarily utilised in electric motors for industrial applications, for e-mobility and power generation. Moreover about 8% of its ES is used for production of static machines such as small transformers, reactors and inductors. Today it is particularly important to invest in technology and skills throughout the electric motor supply chain: greater efficiency will enable a reduction in energy requirements lowering CO2 emissions. Ardemagni imports, processes, and distributes electrical steel from China Steel Corporation in Italy and in Europe, with an export percentage amounting to 40%. Factory 4.0 Ardemagni's rapidly growing business, especially in the EV sector, led the company to expand and open a larger and more efficient factory. In late 2021 Ardemagni inaugurated its new plant, in via Monfalcone 25, Cinisello Balsamo and introduced the concept of Industry 4.0 where all plants are interconnected with our IT infrastructure. The location in the outskirts of Milan close to the A4 highway, permits supply from various Italian ports and is a convenient starting point for deliveries to all Europe. Products Ardemagni offers a wide range of grades to meet the various requirements of its customers. Our steel combines core losses with relatively higher permeability features, with superior geometrical and mechanical properties that will improve your products, thus optimizing processing yields. In case of special requirements where a new development is needed, Ardemagni will put you in contact with the engineers of CSC R&D department who will study the project with you to find a tailored solution to meet your targets. DOWNLOAD PRODUCT SPECIFICATIONS 2024 ARDEMAGNI PRODUCT SPECIFICATIONS 2024 ARDEMAGNI Download Whistleblowing ARDEMAGNI ISO 9001 2015_CERTI ENG Ardemagni Brochure 2024 Brochure Ardemagni ____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ Contact Details MAIN OFFICE & FACTORY Main Office & Factory Ardemagni S.P.A Headquarters via Monfalcone 25 20092 Cinisello Balsamo Milano, Italy Receiving goods via Monfalcone 39S 20092 Cinisello Balsamo Milano, Italy Tel: +39 02 618 1227 Fax: +39 02 618 1220 View map Insert your request: Your Location* Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia, Plurinational State of Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthélemy Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin (French part) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten (Dutch part) Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of Viet Nam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Your Message* Terms and Conditions * In submitting this information you acknowledge that you have read and agree with DITH's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy Please check at least one of the checkboxes Send FOLLOW US QUICK LINKS Terms of Use Privacy Policy Website Data Protection Notice Cookie Policy UK Tax Statement UK Modern Slavery Statement CORPORATE CENTRE Luxembourg 6, Rue Guillaume Schneider 2522 Luxembourg HEAD OFFICE Switzerland Via Bagutti, 9 6900 Lugano Copyright All Rights Reserved © 2024 Start typing and press Enter to search Home Company At a Glance Our Company Our Purpose Our Business Model Our Business Principles DITH Footprint Activities Overview Trading Distribution Production Services Responsibility Responsible Practice Risk Management Business Conduct Sustainability Locations Contact Us

Ardemagni SPA | LinkedIn LinkedIn e terze parti utilizzano cookie essenziali e non essenziali per fornire, rendere sicuri, analizzare e migliorare i nostri servizi e per mostrarti annunci pertinenti (inclusi annunci professionali e offerte di lavoro ) su LinkedIn e altrove. Per saperne di più, consulta la nostra Informativa sui cookie . Seleziona “Accetta” per accettare o “Rifiuta” per rifiutare i cookie non essenziali per questo utilizzo. Puoi aggiornare le tue scelte in qualsiasi momento nelle impostazioni . Accetta Rifiuta Vai al contenuto principale LinkedIn Articoli Persone Learning Lavoro Iscriviti ora Accedi Ardemagni SPA Attività minerarie Cinisello Balsamo, Lombardy 280 follower Together for quality Segui Visualizza tutti i dipendenti (14) Segnala azienda Chi siamo ARDEMAGNI SPA is your partner for electrical steel in Europe. 

Founded in 1946, for our 75th anniversary, we have invested in a new plant with new machineries that make ARDEMAGNI SPA to become, with its over 120 KTons slitting capacity, the biggest Steel Service Center 100% dedicated to Electrical Steel in Europe. 

ARDEMAGNI SPA, is owned by DITH Group and CSC Group.

We are the distributor of CSC Electrical Steel for both e-mobility and industrial grades and we follow customers, with the support of CSC’s R&D engineers, from the selection of the right material to the supply of the required volumes at the right time. 

With CSC, Quality is our standard, service our Mantra. 
We intend to keep focusing on each and every customer wherever located in Europe or in the Mediterranean basin. Sito Web http://www.ardemagnispa.com Link esterno per Ardemagni SPA Settore Attività minerarie Dimensioni dell’azienda 11-50 dipendenti Sede principale Cinisello Balsamo, Lombardy Tipo Società quotata Data di fondazione 1946 Settori di competenza Electrical Steel coils and strips, Electric Motors, Slitting Machines e e-drives Località Principale Via Monfalcone, 25 Cinisello Balsamo, Lombardy 20092, IT Ottieni indicazioni Dipendenti presso Ardemagni SPA Nelson Ardemagni Propietario, Director en Estudio Ardemagni Ltda. Alberto Ardemagni impianti idraulici, climatizzatore, riscaldamento, gas, energia rinnovabili Roberto Volpe funzionario commerciale presso Ardemagni spa Alessandro Tedoldi Quality Assurance Vedi tutti i dipendenti Aggiornamenti Ardemagni SPA ha diffuso questo post DITH 14.203 follower 1 settimana Segnala post 🎉 Great news! 🚀
We are excited to announce that the new Ardemagni SPA webpage is finally up and eager to welcome you with lots of exciting content!
1️⃣ Explore all our products and services tailored to your needs. 2️⃣ Download detailed brochures to learn more about the company and its activities. 3️⃣ Stay up-to-date with the latest highlights for the financial year 2023.

Do not hesitate any longer: immerse yourself in the world of #Ardemagni today! Click here: https://lnkd.in/dGfqnRZp 38 1 commento Consiglia Commenta Condividi Ardemagni SPA 280 follower 3 settimane Segnala post What makes us different? 
The new institutional video of Ardemagni. #ardemagnispa #elecricalsteel #emobiliy #dith #csc …vedi altro 24 Consiglia Commenta Condividi Ardemagni SPA 280 follower 1 mese Segnala post “We take care from the steelmaking to the final application of our products with latest technologies for highest efficiency.”
See you soon at our new booth at Coiltech, International Coil Winding Exhibition Deutschland, Augsburg 20-21 March 2024 Hall 1-B12! #ardemagnispa #dith #chinasteelcorporstion 17 1 commento Consiglia Commenta Condividi Ardemagni SPA 280 follower 4 mesi Segnala post 10 1 commento Consiglia Commenta Condividi Ardemagni SPA 280 follower 7 mesi Segnala post Ardemagni SPA 280 follower 7 mesi Last day of Coiltech®, International Coil Winding Exhibition & Conference in Pordenone. Looking forward to seeing you at hall 5 stand C12. #ardemagnispa #dith #chinasteelcorporation #togetherforquality #electricalsteel #coiltech 1 Consiglia Commenta Condividi Ardemagni SPA 280 follower 7 mesi Segnala post Last day of Coiltech®, International Coil Winding Exhibition & Conference in Pordenone. Looking forward to seeing you at hall 5 stand C12. #ardemagnispa #dith #chinasteelcorporation #togetherforquality #electricalsteel #coiltech 20 Consiglia Commenta Condividi Ardemagni SPA 280 follower 8 mesi Segnala post Paola Mauceri Lanza B2B Marketing and Communication Consultant 8 mesi We hope you enjoyed your holidays! Starting today we are back at your service. #ardemagnispa #electricalsteel #backtowork 2 Consiglia Commenta Condividi Ardemagni SPA 280 follower 10 mesi Segnala post It was a real pleasure to partecipate to the LCTA Commodity Roundtable, an excellent event, an interesting and enriching debate that took place at Villa Negroni, a wonderful location in Vezia nearby Lugano. Our compliments to the organizers and the speakers. #lcta #lugano #commoditytrading #ardemagnispa #dith #csc COMMODITY ROUNDTABLE, JUNE 20, 2023 https://www.lcta.ch 11 Consiglia Commenta Condividi Iscriviti ora per vedere cosa ti stai perdendo Trova persone che conosci presso Ardemagni SPA Sfoglia le offerte di lavoro consigliate per te Visualizza tutti gli aggiornamenti, le notizie e gli articoli Iscriviti ora Pagine simili ARDEMAGNI S.P.A. Forniture aziendali CINISELLO BALSAMO, Mi DITH Vendita all’ingrosso di metalli e minerali Lugano, Canton Ticino LTC Group | Legnano Teknoelectric Company | Produzione nuclei magnetici per trasformatori e reattori Fabbricazione di apparecchi elettrici, materiali elettrici e componenti elettronici Legnano, Lombardia DGV Edilizia Carinaro, Campania Cavotec Ingegneria meccanica o industriale Lugano, Ticino MILANO PARQUET SRL Materiali edili BUCCINASCO, Mi imetals Attività minerarie Torino, Piemonte A.F.A. DI DE GIORGI F.LLI S.R.L. Ingegneria meccanica o industriale VILLANUOVA SUL CLISI, Bs FT TRANSFORMERS LIMITED Fabbricazione di apparecchi elettrici, materiali elettrici e componenti elettronici BIRMINGHAM, Birmingham COMMER TGS SPA Settore automobilistico ROBBIO, Pv Mostra altre pagine simili Mostra meno pagine simili Sfoglia le offerte di lavoro Offerte di lavoro per “Sviluppatore” 1.780 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegnere” 2.794 offerte di lavoro aperte Altre ricerche Altre ricerche Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegneria meccanica” LinkedIn © 2024 Informazioni Accessibilità Contratto di licenza Informativa sulla privacy Informativa sui cookie Informativa sul copyright Informativa sul brand Controlli ospite Linee guida della community العربية (Arabo) Čeština (Ceco) Dansk (Danese) Deutsch (Tedesco) English (Inglese) Español (Spagnolo) Français (Francese) हिंदी (Hindi) Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesiano) Italiano (Italiano) 日本語 (Giapponese) 한국어 (Coreano) Bahasa Malaysia (Malese) Nederlands (Olandese) Norsk (Norvegese) Polski (Polacco) Português (Portoghese) Română (Rumeno) Русский (Russo) Svenska (Svedese) ภาษาไทย (Tailandese) Tagalog (Tagalog) Türkçe (Turco) Українська (Ucraino) 简体中文 (Cinese (Semplificato)) 正體中文 (Cinese (Tradizionale)) Lingua Accetta e iscriviti a LinkedIn Cliccando su “Continua” per iscriverti o accedere, accetti il Contratto di licenza , l’ Informativa sulla privacy e l’ Informativa sui cookie di LinkedIn. Accedi per vedere chi già conosci Ardemagni SPA Accedi Piacere di rivederti Email o telefono Password Mostra Hai dimenticato la password? Accedi oppure Cliccando su “Continua” per iscriverti o accedere, accetti il Contratto di licenza , l’ Informativa sulla privacy e l’ Informativa sui cookie di LinkedIn. Nuovo utente di LinkedIn? Iscriviti ora oppure Cliccando su “Continua” per iscriverti o accedere, accetti il Contratto di licenza , l’ Informativa sulla privacy e l’ Informativa sui cookie di LinkedIn. Nuovo utente di LinkedIn? Iscriviti ora

ARDEMAGNI S.P.A., Attrezzature magnetiche, Lamierati e tubi, Commercio all'ingrosso - Europages Categorie ​ Attività, Prodotto, Azienda Iscrivi la tua azienda Ottieni più preventivi Accedi Italiano Chiudere Iscrivi la tua azienda Ottieni più preventivi Accedi Italiano Categorie europages > Attrezzature magnetiche > ARDEMAGNI S.P.A. ARDEMAGNI S.P.A. Italia Phone icon Bookmark Outline icon Domain icon Unknown ARDEMAGNI S.P.A. Indirizzo 32 VIA EMILIA 20092 Cinisello Balsamo - Italia N° di P. IVA Acceda o effettui il login per visualizzare Si è verificato un errore Telefono Bookmark Outline icon Aggiungi alla tua lista Informazioni L'azienda ARDEMAGNI S.P.A., creata nel 2008, che opera nel settore Attrezzature magnetiche. E' presente anche nei settori Lamierati e tubi, e Commercio all'ingrosso. Ha sede presso Cinisello Balsamo, Italia. Altre aziende nello stesso settore: FLAIG MAGNETSYSTEME GMBH & CO.KG RAOUL LENOIR BVI MAGNET GMBH DEUTSCHE TECHNA DR. HAHN GMBH & CO. KG Domain icon Unknown ARDEMAGNI S.P.A. 32 VIA EMILIA 20092 Cinisello Balsamo - Italia N° di P. IVA Acceda o effettui il login per visualizzare Si è verificato un errore Informazioni azienda Dati numerici significativi Numero Dipendenti 11 – 50 Organizzazione Anno di creazione 2008 Tipologia aziendale Sede legale Attività di Attrezzature magnetiche Lamierati e tubi Commercio all'ingrosso Office Building Outline icon Una pagina per la tua azienda Vedi questo testo?
      Lo vedono anche i tuoi potenziali clienti
      Unisciti a noi per rendere la tua azienda visibile su europages. Aggiungere la mia impresa europages ti raccomanda inoltre Una selezione di aziende vicine all'attività: FLAIG MAGNETSYSTEME GMBH & CO.KG Bookmark Outline icon Germania Factory icon Fabbricante/ Produttore Magneti verdi per l'industria moderna. Situati nella bella foresta nera, i nostri professionisti vi offrono la miglior assistenza del leader nella produzione di sistemi di magneti permanenti o elettropermanenti. Oltre ad una vasta gamma di prodotti standard come la linea FX nell'ambito di magneti per il sollevamento di carichi e la linea FXL nella tecnologia di bloccaggio magneti offriamo un vasto assortimento di accessori magnetici e dispositivi di sollevamento e soluzioni personalizzate per numero di pezzi o come OEM per le vostre necessità. RAOUL LENOIR Bookmark Outline icon Francia Factory icon Fabbricante/ Produttore Dal 1947, RAOUL LENOIR è un'azienda specializzata nel sollevamento magnetico, nella separazione e nel rilevamento dei metalli e in molte altre applicazioni. Da circa 70 anni, l'azienda mette al servizio dei clienti la propria esperienza e le competenze acquisite, sviluppando applicazioni magnetiche industriali in svariati settori di attività: riciclaggio, distribuzione di acciaio e prodotti finiti, industria siderurgica, miniere, cave e centrali elettriche, agroalimentare e attività portuali. LENOIR progetta e produce dispositivi basati su diversi principi di funzionamento, come elettromagnetismo, elettropermanente, a magneti permanenti o il sollevamento pneumatico e movimentazione di prodotti industriali. LENOIR propone anche ingegneria per la progettazione e la fabbricazione dei sistemi di separazione e di deferrizzazione. I molteplici ambiti di applicazione spaziano dall'industria mineraria e dei fertilizzanti, a quelle del vetro, legno, zucchero, cereali e, in generale, le attività di ingegneria e delle industrie del riciclaggio. Non esitate a contattarci per maggiori informazioni ! BVI MAGNET GMBH Bookmark Outline icon Germania Factory icon Fabbricante/ Produttore Vi offriamo consulenza professionale e prodotti di alta qualità per realizzare il vostro compito. Consulenza, sviluppo, produzione, controllo qualità, consegna: i nostri passi per la vostra soddisfazione. Dall'azienda produttrice di magneti BVI Magnet GmbH potete trovare una vasta gamma di magneti permanenti diversi, dai magneti al neodimio ad anello e magneti in ferrite dura ai magneti AlNiCo e filtri magnetici. Vorremmo mettere in luce i magneti in neodimio (NdFeB), magneti AlNiCo e magneti samario-cobalto. Offriamo anche sistemi e gruppi di magneti. Come produttori di magneti affidabili, controlliamo attentamente tutti i magneti permanenti, siano essi magneti ad anello, magneti AlNiCo o magneti in neodimio (NdFeB). Ecco perché i nostri magneti e sistemi magnetici colpiscono per la loro qualità e affidabilità. Produciamo una varietà di magneti permanenti - come magnete ad anello, magnete a blocco, magnete a barra o magnete rotondo, come magneti a segmenti e ritagli ad anello a segmenti. DEUTSCHE TECHNA DR. HAHN GMBH & CO. KG Bookmark Outline icon Germania Warehouse icon Grossista In qualità di una delle più grandi case di commercio tedesche dei magneti, soddisfiamo da oltre 50 anni le esigenze e i bisogni dei nostri clienti per garantire la massima soddisfazione. Dalla prima consulenza e dalle ottimizzazioni informatizzate fino alla produzione di campioni nella nostra officina: tutto ciò che vi offriamo oltre una consegna puntuale di oltre 1.600 prodotti in stock. Naturalmente, grazie ai nostri partner pluriennali, siamo in grado di offrirvi e consegnarvi pressoché qualsiasi materiale magnetico standard, qualità e misura in piccole quantità ma anche in grandi serie. Il nostro team esperto in magneti soddisfano le vostre esigenze in qualsiasi momento: contattateci, vi convinceremo. Chevron Left icon Chevron Right icon Richiesta di preventivi Crea una richiesta e ottieni più preventivi da fornitori verificati Solo fornitori rilevanti Rispetto della privacy dei dati 100% gratuito Ottieni più preventivi Seguici: Ridefinire la mia azienda Per l'acquirente Sfogliare le attività europages in sintesi Inside Business Guida all'acquisto Per il fornitore Ridefinire la mia azienda Aggiornare la mia azienda Presentare il mio prodotto Visable supplier app Più su Visable Chi siamo Media center Tutte le nostre soluzioni Carriera Per un sourcing di successo Certificato con il sigillo di approvazione BME Aiuto e supporto Condizioni generali di utilizzo Politica sulla privacy Politica sui cookie Agricoltura e zootecnia Alimentazione Fonti energetiche e materie prime Metallurgia e lavorazione dei metalli Costruzioni meccaniche - macchine Veicoli e attrezzature per il trasporto Chimica e farmacia Gomma e materie plastiche Legname e arredamento Edilizia e lavori pubblici Vetro e materiali da costruzione Materiale di precisione Informatica Industria e telecomunicazioni Materiale elettrico ed elettronico Carta e cartone Pelletteria e calzature Tessile e abbigliamento Stampa ed editoria Prodotti di lusso e hobbistica Trasporti e servizi annessi Viaggi, turismo e tempo libero Marketing, pubblicità e media Banca, finanza e assicurazioni Servizi per le aziende Salute Scegli la tua lingua English Français Deutsch Español Italiano Nederlands Türkçe عربي Čeština Dansk Eesti keel Eλληνική Latviešu Lietuvių Magyar Norsk Polski Português Pусский Română Slovenščina Suomi Svenska Български 繁體 简体 Utilizziamo i cookie 🍪 Per una migliore esperienza su europages utilizziamo i cookie. Seleziona di seguito i cookie che accetti. Policy di utilizzo dei cookie Salva le mie preferenze Accetta tutto Mostra dettagli Nascondi dettagli Strettamente necessari Performance Marketing Functionality Unclassified Cookie declaration About cookies Strettamente necessari Performance Marketing Functionality Unclassified I cookie strettamente necessari abilitano le funzionalità di base del sito web come l'autenticazione degli utenti e la gestione dell'account. Il sito web non può essere utilizzato correttamente senza i cookie strettamente necessari. Cookie report Name Provider / Domain Expiration Description _jsuid Roxr Software Ltd .europages.fr 1 year This cookie collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works. auth .europages.fr 1 year This cookie is part of the website functionality to identify wether or not the user is connected to our services. cluid Roxr Software Ltd .europages.fr 8 hours This cookie collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works. eqy_sessionid .europages.fr 1 year This cookie is set by GetQuanty a third party service. According to their documentation it is used to link our website to their platform. JSESSIONID Oracle Corporation .europages.fr 1 year This cookie is essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without this cookie services you have asked for, like connecting to our services, shortlist companies and send requests through our form, cannot be provided. _icl_current_language OnTheGoSystems Ltd .corporate.europages.fr 1 day This cookie name is associated with a Wordpress multilingual plug-in from WPML. It stores a language value for the website. Where the cookie is set in response to a user action or request, and as long as it has a short lifespan, it can be treated as strictly necessary. __atuvc Oracle Corporation .europages.fr 1 year This cookie is set by AddThis social sharing widget which is commonly embedded in websites to enable visitors to share content with a range of networking and sharing platforms. It stores an updated page share count. CookieScriptConsent CookieScript .europages.fr 2 months This cookie is set by Cookie Script. It is used to check if you consented already to their cookies. CookieScriptConsent CookieScript .europages.it 1 month This cookie is used by Cookie-Script.com service to remember visitor cookie consent preferences. It is necessary for Cookie-Script.com cookie banner to work properly. atidvisitor Applied Technologies Internet SAS www.europages.it 6 months 2 days This cookie is part of the website's analytics system to gather information regarding visitor activity on its websites and its other online services. This information is sent to AT Internet for analysis and used to improve the services it provides to its users. atid AT Internet .xiti.com 1 year 1 month _ga Google LLC .europages.it 2 years This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics - which is a significant update to Google's more commonly used analytics service. This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports. By default it is set to expire after 2 years, although this is customisable by website owners. _gid Google LLC .europages.it 1 day This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics. This appears to be a new cookie and as of Spring 2017 no information is available from Google. It appears to store and update a unique value for each page visited. _gat_UA-38607859-4 .europages.it 60 seconds _hjFirstSeen Hotjar Ltd .europages.it 30 minutes The cookie is set so Hotjar can track the beginning of the user's journey for a total session count. It does not contain any identifiable information. _hjIncludedInPageviewSample Hotjar Ltd www.europages.it 2 minutes This cookie is set to let Hotjar know whether that visitor is included in the data sampling defined by your site's pageview limit. _hjAbsoluteSessionInProgress Hotjar Ltd .europages.it 30 minutes The cookie is set so Hotjar can track the beginning of the user's journey for a total session count. It does not contain any identifiable information. __cf_bm Cloudflare Inc. .hubspot.com 30 minutes This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. JSESSIONID Oracle Corporation www.europages.it Session General purpose platform session cookie, used by sites written in JSP. Usually used to maintain an anonymous user session by the server. suid Simplifi Holdings Inc. .simpli.fi 1 year To store a unique session ID. Performance cookies are used to see how visitors use the website, eg. analytics cookies. Those cookies cannot be used to directly identify a certain visitor. Cookie report Name Provider / Domain Expiration Description _hjid Hotjar Ltd .europages.it 1 year Hotjar cookie. This cookie is set when the customer first lands on a page with the Hotjar script. It is used to persist the random user ID, unique to that site on the browser. This ensures that behavior in subsequent visits to the same site will be attributed to the same user ID. __hstc HubSpot Inc. .europages.it 1 year This cookie name is associated with websites built on the HubSpot platform. It is reported by them as being used for website analytics. __hssrc HubSpot Inc. .europages.it Session This cookie name is associated with websites built on the HubSpot platform. It is reported by them as being used for website analytics. __hssc HubSpot Inc. .europages.it 30 minutes This cookie name is associated with websites built on the HubSpot platform. It is reported by them as being used for website analytics. __utma Google LLC .europages.it 2 years This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. This cookie lasts for 2 years by default and distinguishes between users and sessions. It it used to calculate new and returning visitor statistics. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics. The lifespan of the cookie can be customised by website owners. __utmc Google LLC .europages.it Session This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. It is not used in most sites but is set to enable interoperability with the older version of Google Analytics code known as Urchin. In this older versions this was used in combination with the __utmb cookie to identify new sessions/visits for returning visitors. When used by Google Analytics this is always a Session cookie which is destroyed when the user closes their browser. Where it is seen as a Persistent cookie it is therefore likely to be a different technology setting the cookie. __utmz Google LLC .europages.it 6 months 2 days This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour measure of site performance. This cookie identifies the source of traffic to the site - so Google Analytics can tell site owners where visitors came from when arriving on the site. The cookie has a life span of 6 months and is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics. __utmt Google LLC .europages.it 10 minutes This cookie is set by Google Analytics. According to their documentation it is used to throttle the request rate for the service - limiting the collection of data on high traffic sites. It expires after 10 minutes __utmb Google LLC .europages.it 30 minutes This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. This cookie determines new sessions and visits and expires after 30 minutes. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics. Any activity by a user within the 30 minute life span will count as a single visit, even if the user leaves and then returns to the site. A return after 30 minutes will count as a new visit, but a returning visitor. _gat_UA-38607859-1 .europages.it 60 seconds This is a pattern type cookie set by Google Analytics, where the pattern element on the name contains the unique identity number of the account or website it relates to. It is a variation of the _gat cookie which is used to limit the amount of data recorded by Google on high traffic volume websites. dyn_u DynAdmic SAS .dyntrk.com 1 year Saves statistics on how visitors use Dailymotion videos on different websites. I cookie di marketing vengono utilizzati per identificare i visitatori su diversi siti web, ad esempio partner di contenuti, reti di banner. Tali cookie possono essere utilizzati dalle aziende per creare un profilo degli interessi dei visitatori o mostrare annunci pertinenti su altri siti web. Cookie report Name Provider / Domain Expiration Description test_cookie Google LLC .doubleclick.net 15 minutes This cookie is set by DoubleClick (which is owned by Google) to determine if the website visitor's browser supports cookies. uid .criteo.com 1 year This cookie provides a uniquely assigned, machine-generated user ID and gathers data about activity on the website. This data may be sent to a 3rd party for analysis and reporting. IDE Google LLC .doubleclick.net 2 years This cookie carries out information about how the end user uses the website and any advertising that the end user may have seen before visiting the said website. cProfile .neodatagroup.com 15 days 2 hours cGEO .neodatagroup.com 6 hours __gads Google LLC .europages.it 1 year This cookie is associated with the DoubleClick for Publishers service from Google. Its purpose is to do with the showing of adverts on the site, for which the owner may earn some revenue. cP .neodatagroup.com 1 year cS .neodatagroup.com Session DSID Google LLC .doubleclick.net 1 hour This cookie is set to note your specific user identity. It contains a hashed/encrypted unique ID. uuid2 Xandr Inc. .adnxs.com 3 months This cookie allows targeted advertising through the AppNexus platform - collects anonymous data on ad views IP adddress, page views, and more. CMID Casale Media Inc. .casalemedia.com 1 year These cookies are linked to advertising and tracking the products users were looking at. CMPS Casale Media Inc. .casalemedia.com 3 months These cookies are linked to advertising and tracking the products users were looking at. CMPRO Casale Media Inc. .casalemedia.com 3 months These cookies are linked to advertising and tracking the products users were looking at. CMST Casale Media Inc. .casalemedia.com 1 day Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. CMRUM3 Casale Media Inc. .casalemedia.com 1 year These cookies are linked to advertising and tracking the products users were looking at. KTPCACOOKIE PubMatic Inc. .pubmatic.com 1 day This cookie is generally provided by pubmatic.com and is used for advertising purposes. KADUSERCOOKIE PubMatic Inc. .pubmatic.com 3 months This cookie is generally provided by pubmatic.com and is used for advertising purposes. mc Quality Unit LLC .quantserve.com 1 year 1 month This cookie is usually provided by Quantserve to track anonymous information about how website visitors use the site. pd OpenX Technologies Inc. .openx.net 15 days This cookie is generally provided by openx.net and is used for advertising purposes. uid .adform.net 2 months This cookie provides a uniquely assigned, machine-generated user ID and gathers data about activity on the website. This data may be sent to a 3rd party for analysis and reporting. YSC Google LLC .youtube.com Session This cookie is set by YouTube to track views of embedded videos. VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Google LLC .youtube.com 6 months This cookie is set by Youtube to keep track of user preferences for Youtube videos embedded in sites;it can also determine whether the website visitor is using the new or old version of the Youtube interface. uuid MediaMath Inc. .mathtag.com 1 year This cookie is used to optimize ad relevance by collecting visitor data from multiple websites – this exchange of visitor data is normally provided by a third-party data-center or ad-exchange. bito Comcast Corporation .bidr.io 1 year This cookie is generally provided by bidr.io and is used for advertising purposes. bitoIsSecure Comcast Corporation .bidr.io 1 year Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. tuuid .bidswitch.net 1 year This cookie is mainly set by bidswitch.net to make advertising messages more relevant to the website visitor. tuuid_lu .bidswitch.net 1 year Contains a unique visitor ID, which allows Bidswitch.com to track the visitor across multiple websites. This allows Bidswitch to optimize advertisement relevance and ensure that the visitor does not see the same ads multiple times. tuuid pool.admedo.com 1 year This cookie is mainly set by bidswitch.net to make advertising messages more relevant to the website visitor. tuuid_lu pool.admedo.com 1 year Contains a unique visitor ID, which allows Bidswitch.com to track the visitor across multiple websites. This allows Bidswitch to optimize advertisement relevance and ensure that the visitor does not see the same ads multiple times. wfivefivec Roku Inc. .w55c.net 1 year 1 month This cookie is generally provided by w55c.net and is used for advertising purposes. matchopenx Roku Inc. .w55c.net 1 month This cookie is used to synchronize data for specific advertisements with third-party systems A3 Yahoo! Inc. .yahoo.com 1 year Ads targeting cookie for Yahoo uid .turn.com 6 months This cookie provides a uniquely assigned, machine-generated user ID and gathers data about activity on the website. This data may be sent to a 3rd party for analysis and reporting. _cc_dc Lotame Solutions Inc. .crwdcntrl.net 8 months 29 days This cookie is generally provided by crwdcntrl.net and is used for advertising purposes. _cc_id Lotame Solutions Inc. .crwdcntrl.net 8 months 29 days This cookie is generally provided by crwdcntrl.net and is used for advertising purposes. _cc_cc Lotame Solutions Inc. .crwdcntrl.net 9 months This cookie is generally provided by crwdcntrl.net and is used for advertising purposes. _cc_aud Lotame Solutions Inc. .crwdcntrl.net 9 months This cookie is generally provided by crwdcntrl.net and is used for advertising purposes. everest_g_v2 Adobe Inc. .everesttech.net 1 year This cookie carries out information about how the end user uses the website and any advertising that the end user may have seen before visiting the said website. jpxumaster JustPremium B.V. .justpremium.com 1 month 1 day Used to present the visitor with relevant content and advertisement - The service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. jpxumatched JustPremium B.V. .justpremium.com 3 hours Used to present the visitor with relevant content and advertisement - The service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. DNT .mrpdata.net 9 years 12 months These are third party Twitter cookies. These cookies enable users, if they wish, to login to their Twitter account share content from our websites with their friends. These cookies do not allow us access to your accounts or provide us with any confidential information relating to your accounts. These cookies also allow a news feed of tweets to appear on the website. ruds Amazon.com Inc. .rfihub.com Session Registers anonymised user data, such as IP address, geographical location, visited websites, and what ads the user has clicked. Functionality cookies are used to remember visitor information on the website, eg. language, timezone, enhanced content. Cookie report Name Provider / Domain Expiration Description hubspotutk HubSpot Inc. .europages.it 1 year This cookie name is associated with websites built on the HubSpot platform. HubSpot report that its purpose is user authentication. As a persistent rather than a session cookie it cannot be classified as Strictly Necessary. Unclassified cookies are cookies that do not belong to any other category or are in the process of categorization. Cookie report Name Provider / Domain Expiration Description cto_bundle .europages.it 1 year 1 month i OpenX .openx.net 1 year d Quantcast .quantserve.com 3 months EPFilterID .europages.it Session exactag_new_gk Exactag m.exactag.com 3 months exactag_new_uk Exactag GmbH m.exactag.com 6 months session_session m.exactag.com Session tr .neodatagroup.com 1 year C Adform .seadform.net 1 month C Adform .adform.net 1 month c .bidswitch.net 1 year c pool.admedo.com 1 year u .erne.co 1 year cookie .onaudience.com 1 year done_redirects104 .onaudience.com 1 day U .mrpdata.net 29 days 23 hours cu .ipredictive.com 12 months 4 days b .blismedia.com 1 year rud .rfihub.com 1 year eud Rocket Fuel (Sizmek by Amazon) .rfihub.com 1 year OMISky_SKYIT .seadform.net 1 day Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. Websites use cookies to help users navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. Cookies that are required for the website to operate properly are allowed to be set without your permission. All other cookies need to be approved before they can be set in the browser. You can change your consent to cookie usage at any time on our Privacy Policy page. Cookies consent ID : Cookie report created by CookieScript

