Home | Chemours Skip to Main Content News Media Center Contact Us Investor Relations English Deutsch English Español Français 日本語 中文 Toggle Search Header Logo Toggle Search Menu Brands & Products Opteon™ Ti-Pure™ Nafion™ Viton™ Krytox™ Freon™ Teflon™ View More Brands and Products Chemours uses the power of chemistry to create better, reliable solutions. Learn More Industries & Applications Electric Vehicle Energy Connectivity and Advanced Electronics Architectural Coatings Application Development Medical Automotive View More The future of transport is here. Discover how Chemours is driving innovation in the Electric Vehicle space with our latest line of advanced performance materials. Discover More About Chemours Vision Our Next Chapter Purpose & Values Our Businesses Leadership Global Reach Our Growth Strategy Get the Facts on GenX History Sustainability at Chemours Creating a better world through responsible chemistry. Learn More Sustainability A Message from Our CEO Our 2030 Goals Our Journey to Greater Sustainability Sustainability Reporting Resources Chemours: EU REACH and Korea AREC Compliance Chemours Product Sustainability and Safety Chemours Policy and Position Statements Our 2030 Goals Our progress toward achieving Chemours’ Corporate Responsibility Commitment goals. Learn More Now Chemistry in Action Critical Chemistries Why We Need Fluorinated Gases The Next Normal The New Essentials The Chemistry of Delight Future of Chemistry Powering Progress Explore Chemistry in Action Critical Chemistries Chemours is working to create a better world through the power of our chemistry. Read More Join Our Team Toggle Search Brands & Products Back to Home Brands & Products Opteon™ Ti-Pure™ Nafion™ Viton™ Krytox™ Freon™ Teflon™ View More Industries & Applications Back to Home Industries & Applications Electric Vehicle Energy Connectivity and Advanced Electronics Architectural Coatings Application Development Back to Industries & Applications Application Development Innovations for Opteon™ Refrigerants The Teflon™ Brand and Continuous Innovation Contact the Application Development Team Medical Back to Industries & Applications Medical Advanced Performance Materials Bringing Your Medical Device Design Ideas to Life Automotive View More About Chemours Back to Home About Chemours Vision Our Next Chapter Purpose & Values Back to About Chemours Purpose & Values Ethics Hotline Our Businesses Back to About Chemours Our Businesses Titanium Technologies Thermal And Specialized Solutions Advanced Performance Materials Back to Our Businesses Advanced Performance Materials A Key Ingredient in Smart Device Innovation The Plunkett Awards Leadership Back to About Chemours Leadership Denise Dignam: President and Chief Executive Officer Matthew Abbott: Interim Chief Financial Officer Joe Martinko: President, Thermal & Specialized Solutions Gerardo Familiar: President, Advanced Performance Materials Diane Iuliano Picho: Interim President, Titanium Technologies Ron Charles: SVP People Alvenia Scarborough: SVP, Corp. Comms. & Chief Brand Officer Kristine Wellman, SVP General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Dave Shelton, Special Counsel to the CEO Dawn L. Farrell, Chairperson Curtis V. Anastasio, Director Mary B. Cranston, Director Alister Cowan, Director Pamela Fletcher, Director Erin N. Kane, Director Sean D. Keohane, Director Guillaume Pepy, Director Sandra Phillips Rogers, Director Global Reach Back to About Chemours Global Reach Management System Certificates Altamira Asturias Belgium Belle Chambers Works Back to Global Reach Chambers Works On-Site Environmental Management Residential Water Sampling Program Technical Documents DeLisle Dordrecht Back to Global Reach Dordrecht Dordrecht Nieuws Dordrecht: Onze Buren en de Omgeving Een Product Dat u Waarschijnlijk Hoe het is om te werken bij Chemours Opening permanente waterzuiveringsinstallatie De verlaging van onze emissies in Dordrecht Werken bij Chemours Fayetteville Works Back to Global Reach Fayetteville Works C3 Dimer Acid and PFAS Consent Order Compliance Northeast Florida KuanYin Europe Corpus Christi New Johnsonville Southern Ionics Minerals Back to Global Reach Southern Ionics Minerals Health and Safety Villers Saint Paul Washington Works Wayne County Prospers Our Growth Strategy Get the Facts on GenX History Sustainability Back to Home Sustainability A Message from Our CEO Our 2030 Goals Back to Sustainability Our 2030 Goals Innovation & Sustainable Solutions Back to Our 2030 Goals Innovation & Sustainable Solutions Sustainable Offerings Sustainable Supply Chain Environmental Leadership Back to Our 2030 Goals Environmental Leadership Climate Water Waste Community Impact Back to Our 2030 Goals Community Impact Vibrant Communities Greatest Place to Work for All Back to Our 2030 Goals Greatest Place to Work for All Empowered Employees Safety Excellence Our Journey to Greater Sustainability Sustainability Reporting Resources Chemours: EU REACH and Korea AREC Compliance Chemours Product Sustainability and Safety Back to Sustainability Chemours Product Sustainability and Safety Our Commitment to PFAS Stewardship Chemours Policy and Position Statements Chemistry in Action Back to Home Chemistry in Action Critical Chemistries Back to Chemistry in Action Critical Chemistries Responsible Manufacturing Domestic Semiconductors USA Energy Transition Why We Need Fluorinated Gases The Next Normal Back to Chemistry in Action The Next Normal The Future of Connectivity Better Medicine for a Changed World Rethinking & Remaking Our Infrastructures Welcome to the Hydrogen Age Vital Chemistry, Delivered with Corporate Responsibility The New Essentials Back to Chemistry in Action The New Essentials Defining the New Essentials Digital Transformation Brighter Minds and Diverse Thinking The Future of Transportation Technology Modern Infrastructure The Unknown Essentials of Smart Cities High Performance Cooling...Sustainably Fueling Modern Transportation, Responsibly The Chemistry of Delight Back to Chemistry in Action The Chemistry of Delight Digital Audio Technology Back to The Chemistry of Delight Digital Audio Technology Discovering Delights Chemistry Amusement Park Rides Back to The Chemistry of Delight Amusement Park Rides Expert Corner: Enabling Bigger, Better Thrills Fitness Bands with Viton™ Fluoroelastomers Back to The Chemistry of Delight Fitness Bands with Viton™ Fluoroelastomers High Performance High Sustainability Food Trucks Back to The Chemistry of Delight Food Trucks Big Chill Aviation Travel Back to The Chemistry of Delight Aviation Travel Travel Bonds Future of Chemistry Back to Chemistry in Action Future of Chemistry University of Delaware Partnership Back to Future of Chemistry University of Delaware Partnership Innovation in the Chemical Industry Automotive Innovations at Chemours Homes of the Future Industrial Lubricants STEM Careers Back to Future of Chemistry STEM Careers The Future of STEM Careers Product Adaptation Sustainable Solutions Back to Future of Chemistry Sustainable Solutions Sustainable Chemistry Reinventing Existing Products Fostering Innovation Beyond Limits Powering Progress Back to Chemistry in Action Powering Progress Chemistry Makes the World Go Explore Chemistry in Action Join Our Team News Media Center Contact Us Investor Relations English Deutsch English Español Français 日本語 中文 Search Submit Search Close Search ESSENTIAL. RESPONSIBLE. CHEMISTRY. Discover how vital our responsible chemistry is today and for the future in our Sustainability Report. Read Now Innovation & Sustainable Solutions Innovating Sustainable Solutions Vital to Modern Society Environmental Leadership Reducing Emissions, Waste, and Water Use through Responsible Manufacturing Community Impact Engaging Local Stakeholders and Investing in Vibrant Communities Greatest Place to Work for All Creating an Inspired, Inclusive, and Safe Workforce for All Looking for a safety data sheet? SDS Lookup Chemistry in Action Chemours is creating a better world through the power of our chemistry. SAFE, RENEWABLE, SUSTAINABLE SAFE, RENEWABLE, SUSTAINABLE Renewably-produced hydrogen can remake our economy and fight climate change. Critical Chemistries for a Better Future Critical Chemistries for a Better Future Chemours is working to create a better world through the power of our chemistry. EVOLVING FOR THE FUTURE EVOLVING FOR THE FUTURE Driven by purpose. Focused on performance. Chemours is on a journey to drive innovation and more sustainable solutions for a world that demands and expects more. Connectivity and Advanced Electronics Connectivity and Advanced Electronics Our cell phones, the Internet of Things, advanced electronics, the 5G revolution, and even semiconductors are enabled by Chemours chemistry. View All Chemistry in Action CREATING A BETTER WORLD THROUGH THE POWER OF OUR CHEMISTRY Our responsible chemistry helps build a sustainable future for all. LEARN MORE Our goals are built upon four pillars. Innovation & Sustainable Solutions Our Innovation & Sustainable Solutions pillar is comprised of our Sustainable Offerings and Sustainable Supply Chain goals. Read More Environmental Leadership Our Environmental Leadership pillar is comprised of our Climate, Water, and Waste goals. Read More Community Impact Our Community Impact pillar is comprised of our Vibrant Communities goal. Read More Greatest Place to Work for All Our Greatest Place to Work for All pillar is comprised of our Empowered Employees and Safety Excellence goals. Read More Domestic Semiconductors Revitalizing the domestic semiconductor industry is an important goal that depends in part on a supply of U.S.-manufactured fluoropolymers. US Energy Transition Our domestically manufactured fluoropolymers, a class of PFAS, are the key to unlocking U.S. dominance through the energy transition. Responsible Manufacturing At Chemours, we put science first, and we’re driven by our commitment to responsible manufacturing. To us, that means setting ambitious corporate responsibility goals and applying investment, creativity, and energy to achieve them. Our Purpose and Values Our purpose and values drive everything we do as innovators and industry leaders. We use the power of chemistry to improve products and processes that make the world a better place. Learn More Our Brands & Products Opteon™ solutions are environmentally sustainable and high-performing. Ti-Pure™ is the world's largest manufacturer of titanium dioxide products. Chemical, chlor-alkali, transportation, and other industries use Nafion™ products. Viton™ high-performance fluoroelastomers withstand the harshest environments. Krytox™ high-performance lubricants are ideal for industrial applications. For decades, Freon™ refrigerants have been chosen for their performance and safety. Teflon™ resins, coatings, and films enhance products and make them better. See All Products INDUSTRIES AND APPLICATIONS As a world leader in titanium technology, thermal and specialized solutions, advanced performance materials, and chemical solutions, we're harnessing the power of chemistry to enable modern living. Automotive Connectivity and Advanced Electronics Energy Architectural Coatings Medical Application Development News Press Release Chemours Discontinues U.S. Sales of Legacy Freon™ Refrigerants 404A and 507 Leader in responsible chemistry makes decision in support of global environmental initiatives; amps up strategies to facilitate industry transition to lower GWP solutions. Read More Press Release The Chemours Company Reports First Quarter 2024 Results The Chemours Company (“Chemours” or “the Company”) (NYSE: CC), a global chemistry company with leading market positions in Titanium Technologies (“TT”), Thermal & Specialized Solutions (“TSS”), and Advanced Performance Materials (“APM”), today announced its financial results for the first quarter 2024. Read More Press Release Chemours Announces Second Quarter Dividend The Chemours Company (“Chemours” or “the Company”) (NYSE: CC) today announced the Board of Directors of Chemours declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.25 per share on the Company's common stock for the second quarter of 2024. Read More Press Release Chemours Announces Dates for First Quarter 2024 Earnings Release and Webcast Conference Call The Chemours Company (“Chemours” or “the Company”) (NYSE: CC) today announced that the Company expects to issue its first quarter 2024 financial results after market close on Tuesday, April 30, 2024. Read More View All News Join Our Team and Thrive! We are a different kind of chemistry company enabling more sustainable solutions to create a better world—and we can't accomplish that without the best and brightest talent. Search Jobs Learn More Ethics Hotline We have a responsibility to maintain our unshakable integrity. We expect everyone to contact the Chemours Ethics Hotline if they see a violation of our Code of Conduct. This confidential, 24/7 service ensures confidentiality and anonymity. Contact Connect on Twitter Connect on LinkedIn Connect on Youtube Chemours.com Home Brands & Products Industries & Applications News Media Center About Chemours Chemistry in Action Careers Supplier Center Contact Us Our brands Opteon™ Ti-Pure™ Nafion™ Viton™ Krytox™ Freon™ Teflon™ ©2024 The Chemours Company. Chemours™, the Chemours logo, Courageous Chemistry™, and the Chemours Courageous Chemistry logo are trademarks of The Chemours Company. Brand Protection Guidelines Privacy Policy Terms of Use

Chemours Europe Skip to Main Content News Media Center Contact Us Investor Relations English Deutsch English Español Français 日本語 中文 Toggle Search Header Logo Toggle Search Menu Brands & Products Opteon™ Ti-Pure™ Nafion™ Viton™ Krytox™ Freon™ Teflon™ View More Brands and Products Chemours uses the power of chemistry to create better, reliable solutions. Learn More Industries & Applications Electric Vehicle Energy Connectivity and Advanced Electronics Architectural Coatings Application Development Medical Automotive View More The future of transport is here. Discover how Chemours is driving innovation in the Electric Vehicle space with our latest line of advanced performance materials. Discover More About Chemours Vision Our Next Chapter Purpose & Values Our Businesses Leadership Global Reach Our Growth Strategy Get the Facts on GenX History Sustainability at Chemours Creating a better world through responsible chemistry. Learn More Sustainability A Message from Our CEO Our 2030 Goals Our Journey to Greater Sustainability Sustainability Reporting Resources Chemours: EU REACH and Korea AREC Compliance Chemours Product Sustainability and Safety Chemours Policy and Position Statements Our 2030 Goals Our progress toward achieving Chemours’ Corporate Responsibility Commitment goals. Learn More Now Chemistry in Action Critical Chemistries Why We Need Fluorinated Gases The Next Normal The New Essentials The Chemistry of Delight Future of Chemistry Powering Progress Explore Chemistry in Action Critical Chemistries Chemours is working to create a better world through the power of our chemistry. Read More Join Our Team Toggle Search Brands & Products Back to Home Brands & Products Opteon™ Ti-Pure™ Nafion™ Viton™ Krytox™ Freon™ Teflon™ View More Industries & Applications Back to Home Industries & Applications Electric Vehicle Energy Connectivity and Advanced Electronics Architectural Coatings Application Development Back to Industries & Applications Application Development Innovations for Opteon™ Refrigerants The Teflon™ Brand and Continuous Innovation Contact the Application Development Team Medical Back to Industries & Applications Medical Advanced Performance Materials Bringing Your Medical Device Design Ideas to Life Automotive View More About Chemours Back to Home About Chemours Vision Our Next Chapter Purpose & Values Back to About Chemours Purpose & Values Ethics Hotline Our Businesses Back to About Chemours Our Businesses Titanium Technologies Thermal And Specialized Solutions Advanced Performance Materials Back to Our Businesses Advanced Performance Materials A Key Ingredient in Smart Device Innovation The Plunkett Awards Leadership Back to About Chemours Leadership Denise Dignam: President and Chief Executive Officer Matthew Abbott: Interim Chief Financial Officer Joe Martinko: President, Thermal & Specialized Solutions Gerardo Familiar: President, Advanced Performance Materials Diane Iuliano Picho: Interim President, Titanium Technologies Ron Charles: SVP People Alvenia Scarborough: SVP, Corp. Comms. & Chief Brand Officer Kristine Wellman, SVP General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Dave Shelton, Special Counsel to the CEO Dawn L. Farrell, Chairperson Curtis V. Anastasio, Director Mary B. Cranston, Director Alister Cowan, Director Pamela Fletcher, Director Erin N. Kane, Director Sean D. Keohane, Director Guillaume Pepy, Director Sandra Phillips Rogers, Director Global Reach Back to About Chemours Global Reach Management System Certificates Altamira Asturias Belgium Belle Chambers Works Back to Global Reach Chambers Works On-Site Environmental Management Residential Water Sampling Program Technical Documents DeLisle Dordrecht Back to Global Reach Dordrecht Dordrecht Nieuws Dordrecht: Onze Buren en de Omgeving Een Product Dat u Waarschijnlijk Hoe het is om te werken bij Chemours Opening permanente waterzuiveringsinstallatie De verlaging van onze emissies in Dordrecht Werken bij Chemours Fayetteville Works Back to Global Reach Fayetteville Works C3 Dimer Acid and PFAS Consent Order Compliance Northeast Florida KuanYin Europe Corpus Christi New Johnsonville Southern Ionics Minerals Back to Global Reach Southern Ionics Minerals Health and Safety Villers Saint Paul Washington Works Wayne County Prospers Our Growth Strategy Get the Facts on GenX History Sustainability Back to Home Sustainability A Message from Our CEO Our 2030 Goals Back to Sustainability Our 2030 Goals Innovation & Sustainable Solutions Back to Our 2030 Goals Innovation & Sustainable Solutions Sustainable Offerings Sustainable Supply Chain Environmental Leadership Back to Our 2030 Goals Environmental Leadership Climate Water Waste Community Impact Back to Our 2030 Goals Community Impact Vibrant Communities Greatest Place to Work for All Back to Our 2030 Goals Greatest Place to Work for All Empowered Employees Safety Excellence Our Journey to Greater Sustainability Sustainability Reporting Resources Chemours: EU REACH and Korea AREC Compliance Chemours Product Sustainability and Safety Back to Sustainability Chemours Product Sustainability and Safety Our Commitment to PFAS Stewardship Chemours Policy and Position Statements Chemistry in Action Back to Home Chemistry in Action Critical Chemistries Back to Chemistry in Action Critical Chemistries Responsible Manufacturing Domestic Semiconductors USA Energy Transition Why We Need Fluorinated Gases The Next Normal Back to Chemistry in Action The Next Normal The Future of Connectivity Better Medicine for a Changed World Rethinking & Remaking Our Infrastructures Welcome to the Hydrogen Age Vital Chemistry, Delivered with Corporate Responsibility The New Essentials Back to Chemistry in Action The New Essentials Defining the New Essentials Digital Transformation Brighter Minds and Diverse Thinking The Future of Transportation Technology Modern Infrastructure The Unknown Essentials of Smart Cities High Performance Cooling...Sustainably Fueling Modern Transportation, Responsibly The Chemistry of Delight Back to Chemistry in Action The Chemistry of Delight Digital Audio Technology Back to The Chemistry of Delight Digital Audio Technology Discovering Delights Chemistry Amusement Park Rides Back to The Chemistry of Delight Amusement Park Rides Expert Corner: Enabling Bigger, Better Thrills Fitness Bands with Viton™ Fluoroelastomers Back to The Chemistry of Delight Fitness Bands with Viton™ Fluoroelastomers High Performance High Sustainability Food Trucks Back to The Chemistry of Delight Food Trucks Big Chill Aviation Travel Back to The Chemistry of Delight Aviation Travel Travel Bonds Future of Chemistry Back to Chemistry in Action Future of Chemistry University of Delaware Partnership Back to Future of Chemistry University of Delaware Partnership Innovation in the Chemical Industry Automotive Innovations at Chemours Homes of the Future Industrial Lubricants STEM Careers Back to Future of Chemistry STEM Careers The Future of STEM Careers Product Adaptation Sustainable Solutions Back to Future of Chemistry Sustainable Solutions Sustainable Chemistry Reinventing Existing Products Fostering Innovation Beyond Limits Powering Progress Back to Chemistry in Action Powering Progress Chemistry Makes the World Go Explore Chemistry in Action Join Our Team News Media Center Contact Us Investor Relations English Deutsch English Español Français 日本語 中文 Search Submit Search Close Search Home … About The Chemours Company Vision Our Next Chapter Purpose and Values Our Businesses The Chemours Company Leadership Global Reach Our Growth Strategy Get the Facts on GenX History Global Reach Management System Certificates Altamira Asturias Chambers Works DeLisle Dordrecht Fayetteville Works Northeast Florida Kuan Yin Belgium Belle Corpus Christi Chemours Europe New Johnsonville, Tennessee Villers Saint Paul Southern Ionics Minerals Washington Works Wayne County Prospers Chemours Europe Playing our part to deliver Europe’s net zero future. Our chemistries can make an essential contribution to decarbonizing Europe’s economy. Chemours Europe Everyday, Chemours’ 6,600 employees, including 950 employees working in the EU, come to work for one purpose: to help create a better world through the power of our chemistry. We are creating a portfolio of sustainable offerings that are critical to solving some of the world’s most pressing problems. These include helping keep our world cooler through innovative thermal solutions with lower energy consumption and low global warming potential. Other Chemours products are fueling a zero-emissions future by enabling production of renewable, clean hydrogen fuel. Jump To: Our footprint in Europe Clean energy Enabling advanced technology solutions Batteries and automotive You Must Accept YouTube Cookies and Refresh Browser to Play This Video Accept YouTube Cookies Open video on YouTube Close Video Climate change and environmental degradation are an existential threat to Europe and the world. To overcome these challenges, the European Green Deal will transform the EU into a modern, resource-efficient and competitive economy, ensuring: ⦁ no net emissions of greenhouse gases by 2050 ⦁ economic growth decoupled from resource use ⦁ no person and no place left behind Follow us on LinkedIn if you’d like to be kept abreast of our efforts to support Europe’s green transition, including our investment in new green production facilities, and our work with local communities in France, Belgium and the Netherlands. Our chemistry is part of a cleaner, better future for us all. Europe’s energy sector is one of the top five emitting sectors of the European Union’s greenhouse gases. 23% of all emissions come from power generation, which is the third-largest sector after transportation (28%) and industry (26%), according to McKinsey . Compared with the other top five emitters, Europe’s power sector is in good shape to decarbonize by 2050, thanks to the availability at scale of renewable power generation technologies such as wind and solar power. A decarbonized energy sector by 2050 The introduction of green hydrogen will further decouple Europe’s energy sector from fossil fuels. As part of its Green Deal Industrial Plan, the European Commission announced its plans to establish a European Hydrogen Bank , which aims to accelerate domestic production to 10 million tonnes by 2030. Chemours’ Nafion™ technology is an innovative membrane material that enables green hydrogen energy production, energy storage in flow batteries, and hydrogen conversion to power fuel-cell vehicles through water electrolysis. See More The advantages of hydrogen While renewable energy sources are intermittent, converting wind and solar power into hydrogen would enable the energy generated from wind and solar to be stored and transported more easily. This can be done, thanks to Chemours’ chemistry, by applying power from renewable sources to water and electrolyzing water into hydrogen and oxygen . See More More energy efficient buildings The EU is also aiming to accelerate the renovation of its building stock, to ensure greater efficiency of energy usage. This proposal for a new legislation will mandate the renovation of the worst performing 15% of buildings by 2030. It will also set requirements for new buildings to be ‘zero energy’ from 2030. See More The importance of refrigerants in energy efficient buildings Heat pumps are a vital component to making buildings more energy efficient. Using the refrigeration cycle, they convert heat from a lower temperature to a more useful higher temperature, and vice versa. 1 KW of electricity consumed by a heat pump is capable of generating 4 KW of thermal energy. Chemours’ class of Opteon™ refrigerants are a new generation of low global warming potential refrigerants offering the optimal balance of performance, environmental sustainability, safety, and cost across applications. See More Chemours’ vision for Europe We share Europe’s vision for a net zero future. Europe’s next chapter must be carbon neutral. And for that it needs a strong domestic industry of carbon neutral technologies. That is why in 2023 we invested heavily in our Villers-Saint-Paul plant in France , to step up the production capacity of our hydrogen energy-enabling Nafion™ technology. We have the ambition and the technology to help Europe reach and surpass its domestically produced hydrogen goal. Our refrigerant chemistries are also essential building-blocks to the key components of the EU’s energy transition, including heat pumps, which can contribute to significantly reducing the energy required to heat and cool buildings. See More You Must Accept YouTube Cookies and Refresh Browser to Play This Video Accept YouTube Cookies Open video on YouTube Close Video What we make at Chemours makes a difference everywhere. | The Chemours Company You Must Accept YouTube Cookies and Refresh Browser to Play This Video Accept YouTube Cookies Open video on YouTube Close Video F-polys are critical to modern living You Must Accept YouTube Cookies and Refresh Browser to Play This Video Accept YouTube Cookies Open video on YouTube Close Video How f-polys and f-gases are different from PFAS You Must Accept YouTube Cookies and Refresh Browser to Play This Video Accept YouTube Cookies Open video on YouTube Close Video Thousands of PFAS. Not all are the same. You Must Accept YouTube Cookies and Refresh Browser to Play This Video Accept YouTube Cookies Open video on YouTube Close Video Our Commitment to the Hydrogen Economy Watch Next: RELATED VIDEOS What we make at Chemours makes a difference everywhere. | The Chemours Company 1:30 F-polys are critical to modern living 2:12 How f-polys and f-gases are different from PFAS 2:27 Thousands of PFAS. Not all are the same. 1:42 Our Commitment to the Hydrogen Economy 2:22 EXPLORE OUR EUROPEAN SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW Our responsible chemistry helps build a sustainable future for all. English Dutch French German Spanish Valentina Mauri Director EU Governmental Affairs At Chemours we are playing our part in achieving net-zero, providing the necessary chemistry to turn hydrogen into electricity and to produce batteries for electric vehicles. We are now increasing capacity and advanced clean energy technology at our manufacturing facilities in the EU. Building advanced technology solutions Advanced technologies such as semiconductors are a crucial component in the production of modern electronic devices such as smartphones, computers, and electric vehicles. One trillion semiconductors were manufactured globally in 2020. This is expected to double by 2030. As demand for semiconductors continues to grow, the EU has identified it as a priority to increase its domestic production capacity, reduce its reliance on imports, and remain competitive in the global market. As a result, the EU has announced ambitious plans to invest in and promote its semiconductor industry to strengthen its technological autonomy and leadership. Meanwhile, data centers will be critical infrastructure in the EU’s digitalized economy. However, the levels of energy intensity involved in running data centers will need to be addressed as the EU moves towards net zero. Fluoropolymers: the chemistry behind semiconductor production The unique properties of fluoropolymers make them essential in the semiconductor industry, contributing to the production of high-performance and reliable electronic devices. Fluoropolymers are used in various stages of semiconductor production, including wafer processing, etching, and packaging. As even the smallest trace impurities or certain elemental materials can create significant impact to device yields, Chemours manufactures its resins to maintain the highest levels of purity . Chemours chemistry allows device manufacturers to maximize chip yields and design freedoms while minimizing downtime and process variability . Fluorinated gases: keeping cloud computing cool Data centers use a significant amount of energy to power and cool the servers and other hardware, which generates a lot of heat. If this heat is not removed, it can cause the equipment to malfunction, leading to data loss and downtime. F-gas refrigerants are used in data centers' cooling systems to transfer heat away from the equipment and dissipate it into the environment. They circulate through the cooling system and absorb heat from the warm air generated by the equipment, then release it outside the data center. Chemours’ low global warming potential solutions can keep cloud computing cool in Europe as we move towards the decarbonized economy. Decarbonizing the EU’s transport sector The EU recognizes that the transportation sector is one of the largest contributors to greenhouse gas emissions and air pollution, and so it is taking action to promote the adoption of zero-emissions vehicles. Building a European battery industry To achieve this goal, the EU has set out a comprehensive strategy that focuses on several key areas. The EU is investing in the development of battery technology, with a particular emphasis on creating a competitive and sustainable battery industry in Europe. This includes supporting research and development, promoting innovation, and improving the sustainability of the battery supply chain. Rolling out electric vehicles Another priority for the EU is to encourage the adoption of electric vehicles. To do this, the EU is investing in charging infrastructure and promoting the use of electric vehicles in public transport and fleet operations. The EU is also supporting the development of hydrogen fuel cell vehicles as an alternative to battery-powered electric vehicles. It has also agreed to phase out combustion engines by 2035 . The chemistry behind the transport revolution Fluoropolymer chemistry and thermal management solutions play a key role in the development of zero-emissions transport systems. The unique properties of high temperature resistance, chemical inertness, and low friction make fluoropolymers ideal for use in batteries and other components of electric vehicles, including wiring, coatings, and seals. This helps to improve safety and efficiency, and ensure that EVs meet the highest environmental and safety standards. Meanwhile, regulation of battery temperatures is key for the performance, safety and lifespan of electric vehicles. This is where thermal conductive foams can play a role – by absorbing and dissipating heat, they can reduce the need for active cooling and minimize energy consumption. Chemours’ refrigerants ensure that active cooling is done sustainably. Chemours’ vision for Europe’s transport sector Chemours delivers the responsible chemistry at the heart of a decarbonized transport system. Both our advanced performance materials and our thermal and specialized solutions have an important role to play in the production and safe and sustainable running of the next generation of road vehicles. Europe’s ambitious policy goals coupled with innovative chemistry technologies can form the backbone of Europe’s carbon-free transport sector. Next-generation solutions for EV heat pumps Battery electric vehicles with heat pump technology increase energy efficiency by balancing heat and cooling for cabin comfort and the battery thermal system. Our Opteon™ products enable heat pumps to operate. This thermal management solution will be critical to BEV innovation, enhancing efficiency and performance, including driving distance and charging times. You Must Accept YouTube Cookies and Refresh Browser to Play This Video Accept YouTube Cookies Open video on YouTube Close Video Get to know the work we do in Dordrecht, Netherlands Have a question? Contact Us Connect on Twitter Connect on LinkedIn Connect on Youtube Chemours.com Home Brands & Products Industries & Applications News Media Center About Chemours Chemistry in Action Careers Supplier Center Contact Us Our brands Opteon™ Ti-Pure™ Nafion™ Viton™ Krytox™ Freon™ Teflon™ ©2024 The Chemours Company. Chemours™, the Chemours logo, Courageous Chemistry™, and the Chemours Courageous Chemistry logo are trademarks of The Chemours Company. Brand Protection Guidelines Privacy Policy Terms of Use

CHEMOURS ITALY S.R.L., Partita IVA: 08662880965, Fatturato, Dipendenti, PEC Servizi Gratuiti Listino API Blog FAQ Assistenza REGISTRATI E RISPARMIA Dashboard Profilo Ricarica credito Storico ricariche Storico Acquisti Invita un amico Scadenze Esci Ricarica credito Il tuo Credito attuale è di: Scegli il taglio di ricarica Ricarica (25.00 €) Ricarica (50.00 €) Ricarica (100.00 €) Ricarica (200.00 €) Ricarica (500.00 €) Ricarica (1,000.00 €) PROCEDI Area personale Ufficio Camerale Portale di Servizi alle Imprese close Visure Camerali VISURE CAMERALI Visura Camerale Ordinaria - Società di Capitali Visura Camerale Ordinaria - Imprese Individuali Bilancio Aziende Ottico Visura Camerale Storica - Società di Capitali Vedi Tutti VISURE PROTESTI Visura Protesti Persona Fisica Visura Protesti e Pregiudizievoli Società Visura Protesti Società Visura Protesti e Pregiudizievoli per Persone Fisiche Vedi Tutti Trova Dati Azienda GRATIS Ottieni Gratuitamente ed in tempo reale i dati di qualsiasi Impresa Italiana come Sede Legale, PEC, Fatturato, Utili Scopri di più Certificati CERTIFICATI CAMERALI Certificato Iscrizione Camera di Commercio Certificato di Vigenza Certificato Camerale Storico Certificato Camerale Artigiano Vedi Tutti ALTRI CERTIFICATI DURC Online Vedi Tutti DURC Ricorrente Vuoi avere il DURC sempre aggiornato e valido per 1 anno? Scopri la Soluzione DURC in Abbonamento Scopri di più Marche Temporali ARUBA 20 Marche Temporali Aruba 100 Marche Temporali Aruba 250 Marche Temporali Aruba 500 Marche Temporali Aruba Vedi Tutti INFOCERT 100 Marche Temporali InfoCert 1.000 Marche Temporali InfoCert 500 Marche Temporali InfoCert 250 Marche Temporali InfoCert Vedi Tutti Marcatura Temporale API Connetti il sistema di Marcatura Temporale a norma di legge direttamente dal tuo gestionale o progetto web tramite API Scopri di più Firma Digitale ARUBA Smart Card CNS Aruba Rinnovo Firma Digitale Aruba Key CNS Aruba Key CNS Video Riconoscimento Aruba Vedi Tutti INFOCERT Business Key InfoCert Firma Remota InfoCert Rinnovo Firma InfoCert Kit Firma Digitale Vedi Tutti Firma Elettronica API Integra la firma elettronica a qualsiasi tipologia di piattaforma tramite API e rendi immediata la firma dei documenti. Scopri di più Fatturazione Elettronica Software Rinnovo Legalinvoice Start Legalinvoice GO Rinnovo Legalinvoice PRO Legalinvoice Start Vedi Tutti Fatture Fatture Extra Legalinvoice Start e Pro Fatture Extra Legalinvoice GO Vedi Tutti Fattura Elettronica via API Gestisci l'intero processo di Fatturazione Elettronica, attivo e passivo, con opzione Conservazione a Norma e Firma direttamente via API Scopri di più Recupero Crediti Persona Fisica Visura Centrale Rischi Persona Giuridica Visura CRIF Persona Fisica Visura Experian Rintraccio Anagrafico e Referenze Bancarie Persona Fisica Vedi Tutti Persona Giuridica Visura CRIF Persona Giuridica Rintraccio Anagrafico e Referenze Bancarie Persona Giuridica Relazione Investigativa per il Recupero Credito per Persona Giuridica Vedi Tutti Raccomandate API Invia Raccomandate, anche massive, a validità legale con Poste Italiane direttamente dal tuo software o gestionale tramite API Scopri di più PEC Legalmail Infocert Rinnovo Legalmail PEC Rinnovo Domicilio Digitale PEC PEC Legalmail Standard Trasferimento PEC Legalmail Vedi Tutti Servizi Comunicazione PEC alla Camera di Commercio Vedi Tutti PEC MASSIVA tramite API Invia Messaggi PEC in modo massivo, sicuro e secondo normativa AGID, direttamente via API. Scopri di più Servizi Gratuiti Listino API Blog FAQ Assistenza REGISTRATI E RISPARMIA Home / CHEMOURS ITALY S.R.L. DATI DELLA SOCIETÀ - CHEMOURS ITALY S.R.L. Partita IVA: 08662880965 -
Codice Fiscale: 08662880965 Rag. Sociale: CHEMOURS ITALY S.R.L. Indirizzo: VIA CENTRO COLLEONI . - 20864 - AGRATE BRIANZA (MB) Rea: 2579019 PEC: chemours.italy.srl@pec.it Fatturato: € 23.478.792,00 (2022) ACQUISTA BILANCIO Dipendenti : 2 (2024) Forma giuridica: SOCIETA' A RESPONSABILITA' LIMITATA Data Iscrizione: 02/01/2015 Ateco: Commercio all'ingrosso di prodotti chimici per l'industria Cod. Ateco: 467502 Utile: € 479.013,00 (2022) Capitale sociale: € 10.000,00 (2024) Procedure e Pregiudizievoli ACQUISTA VISURA Camera di commercio: MB Codice destinatario: PR4AG6C [ + SCOPRI altre info della società ] [ - RIDUCI info della società ] + − ⇧ © OpenStreetMap contributors. » Opzioni disponibili 2 SR 1 0 1.1.2 Le informazioni fornite sono costantemente aggiornate da fonti ufficiali in conformità con il codice di condotta per le informazioni commerciali. Se desideri segnalare errori contattaci tramite l'apposito form . Se desideri offuscare parte delle informazioni (es. indirizzo sede legale) procedi con il form seguente . Il form può essere compilato unicamente dal titolare della persona giuridica interessata. RIEPILOGO Totale
Ordine € 0,00 Termina
acquisto Tabella Rinnovi PEC MePA Corso RAO Certificazioni Redazione Mappa Sito Tabella Rinnovi PEC MePA Corso RAO Certificazioni Redazione Mappa Sito Carbon free energy for Our Cloud Low CO 2 © 2023 Openapi SpA Unipersonale - Società sottoposta a direzione e controllo della Open Holding Srl Viale Filippo Tommaso Marinetti 221 - 00143 Roma REA 1378273 Cap. Soc. € 50.000,00 i.v. – P.I. IT12485671007 - CODICE DESTINATARIO 'USAL8PV' Azienda con sistema qualità Accredia certificato da Istituto Giordano – UNI EN ISO 9001:2015 Openapi è azienda certificata per la qualità dei dati - ISO 25012:2014 Tutti i prezzi sono da considerarsi al netto di eventuale IVA, eventuali imposte di bollo, diritti di segreteria e/o imposte o tasse altrimenti denominate se dovute. Tutti i loghi elencati nel portale sono coperti da copyright e di proprietà dei rispettivi proprietari. Diritto di recesso Politiche per la qualità Condizioni di utilizzo Condizioni Contrattuali GDPR OPENAPI Privacy policy Privacy A.N.C.I.C. Privacy Info Commerciali Certificazioni, licenze e Membership Questo sito utilizza cookie tecnici, analytics e di terze parti. Proseguendo nella navigazione accetti l’utilizzo dei cookie. Preferenze cookies Accetto i cookies

kompass.com

