Cleaf Prodotti Prodotti Per finitura Per finitura Per effetto Per effetto Per collezione Per collezione Azienda Azienda News News Progetti Progetti IT IT EN EN DE DE CN CN TARANTA La finitura richiama l’effetto della pietra naturale estratta in Puglia. Scopri SUPERFICI INNOVATIVE PER L'INTERIOR DESIGN Pannelli nobilitati, laminati, bordi. Un sistema coordinato per il rivestimento dei mobili e degli ambienti. Scopri Architect@Work 08-09 maggio Madrid Stand 48 I prossimi eventi Architect@Work 15-16 maggio Varsavia Stand 85 Clerkenwell Design Week 21-23 maggio Londra 1 Dallington Street L'architettura in ordine di scala 30 maggio CCube SICAM 15-18 ottobre Pordenone Hall 5 Stand B21 Living small L’edizione 2024 del calendario Cleaf è un omaggio alle costruzioni minime. Scopri Nuovi prodotti Alpaca FD31 Taranta FD10 Sbalzo UB42 Sbalzo FC97 Espresso 2426 La collezione disponibile in stock Scopri Progetti DC.AD Equador Apartment CAMPOS COSTA ARQUITETOS Banema Studio Dal 1975 la famiglia Caspani porta avanti con passione ed entusiasmo un percorso imprenditoriale di tradizione e innovazione. Scopri Menù Prodotti Azienda News Progetti Careers Download Rivenditori Contatti e stabilimenti Contatti Via Bottego 15 20851 Lissone MB Italia T. +39 039 2074 F. +39 039 2017820 info@cleaf.it cleaf@pec.cleaf.it C.F.: 02139550152 P. IVA: IT00730140969 SDI: M5UXCR1 Stabilimenti C1 Via Bottego 15 20851 Lissone MB Italia C2 Via Sant’Ambrogio 18 20846 Macherio MB Italia C3 Via delle Industrie 19/21 20851 Lissone MB Italia C4 Via San Giuseppe 3 20832 Desio MB Italia Newsletter Iscriviti ©2024 CLEAF S.P.A. | Privacy Policy | Termini e condizioni | Codice Etico | Whistleblowing | Modello 231/2001 Questo sito utilizza cookies Questo sito utilizza cookie tecnici e di statistici di terze parti per fornire servizi e analizzare il modo in cui gli utenti interagiscono con esso. Tecnici Statistici Rifiuta Accetta selezionati Accetta tutti

Homepage | Cleaf Products Products By texture By texture By effect By effect By collection By collection Company Company News News PROJECTS PROJECTS EN EN IT IT DE DE CN CN TARANTA The texture recalls the effect of the natural stone quarried in Puglia. Discover INNOVATIVE SURFACES FOR INTERIOR DESIGN Faced panel, laminate, edge. A coordinated system to coat furniture and interiors. Discover Architect@Work 08-09 May Madrid Stand 48 Next events Architect@Work 15-16 May Warsaw Stand 85 Clerkenwell Design Week 21-23 May London 1 Dallington Street L'architettura in ordine di scala 30 May CCube SICAM 15-18 October Pordenone Hall 5 Stand B21 Living small The 2024 edition of the Cleaf calendar is a tribute to small buildings. Discover New products Alpaca FD31 Taranta FD10 Sbalzo UB42 Sbalzo FC97 Espresso 2426 The collection available from stock Discover PROJECTS DC.AD Equador Apartment CAMPOS COSTA ARQUITETOS Banema Studio Since 1975 the Caspany family has pursued its enterpreneurial path of tradition and innovation with passion and enthusiasm. Discover Menu Products Company News PROJECTS Careers Download Dealers Contacts and Factories contacts via Bottego 15 20851 Lissone MB Italy P. T. +39 039 2074 F. F. +39 039 2017820 info@cleaf.it cleaf@pec.cleaf.it Tax ID: 02139550152 VAT: IT00730140969 SDI: M5UXCR1 Factories C1 Via Bottego 15 20851 Lissone MB Italy C2 Via Sant’Ambrogio 18 20846 Macherio MB Italy C3 Via delle Industrie 19/21 20851 Lissone MB Italy C4 Via San Giuseppe 3 20832 Desio MB Italy Newsletter Subscribe ©2024 CLEAF S.P.A. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Codice Etico | Whistleblowing | Modello 231/2001 This website uses cookies We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you have provided to them or that they have collected from your use of their services. Technical Statistic Deny Allow selection Allow all

Company | Cleaf Products Products By texture By texture By effect By effect By collection By collection Company Company News News PROJECTS PROJECTS EN EN IT IT DE DE CN CN Company Profile Cleaf is an Italian company producing innovative surfaces for furniture and interiors Faced panels, laminates, edges exclusively manufactured at production sites in Brianza are installed worldwide by architects and furniture manufacturers building inspiring spaces for living. Download the Company Profile Governance A family story Since 1975 the Caspani family has pursued its enterpreneurial path of tradition and innovation with passion and enthusiasm. Today Cleaf is 72.5% led by Luciano Caspani together with his sons Barbara and Roberto and 27.5% by the international Austrian group Egger, a family with the same values. Design philosophy We care about the quality of interiors Every room and every piece of furniture emits continuous signals that consciously or unconsciously affect the user’s perceptions and performance. These signals have a significant impact on the overall quality of the interior. All surfaces developed by Cleaf take these insights into account. Sustainability The world we design for is the one where we want to live We are always looking for new methods to extend the lifetime of our products and reduce their impact on the environment. The most sustainable product is the one that lives the longest. For this reason, we think design and manufacture products made to last, thanks to internationally recognized standards and demanding prerequisites in the selection of raw materials. During the production process, we pay attention to reducing the consumption of raw materials, to reusing and recycling waste and to controlling emissions. CCube The creative heart Since 2013 the CCube, the corporate showroom in Lissone, is Cleaf‘s creative heart. A place devoted to the culture of surfaces: a coordinated system of products to coat furniture and interiors. A growing number of textures and decoratives with multiple tactile and visual effects. Discover Careers Work with us As a growing company we are regularly looking for motivated and passionate persons who can work in a team and make a positive impact. Discover Dealers Find a dealer Discover Awards 2023 Archiproducts Design Award Traccia 2022 Archiproducts Design Award Jiometori 2021 Archiproducts Design Award Fusion 2021 ADI Design Index Fusion 2020 Archiproducts Design Award Riga Menu Products Company News PROJECTS Careers Download Dealers Contacts and Factories contacts via Bottego 15 20851 Lissone MB Italy P. T. +39 039 2074 F. F. +39 039 2017820 info@cleaf.it cleaf@pec.cleaf.it Tax ID: 02139550152 VAT: IT00730140969 SDI: M5UXCR1 Factories C1 Via Bottego 15 20851 Lissone MB Italy C2 Via Sant’Ambrogio 18 20846 Macherio MB Italy C3 Via delle Industrie 19/21 20851 Lissone MB Italy C4 Via San Giuseppe 3 20832 Desio MB Italy Newsletter Subscribe ©2024 CLEAF S.P.A. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Codice Etico | Whistleblowing | Modello 231/2001 This website uses cookies We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you have provided to them or that they have collected from your use of their services. Technical Statistic Deny Allow selection Allow all

News | Cleaf Prodotti Prodotti Per finitura Per finitura Per effetto Per effetto Per collezione Per collezione Azienda Azienda News News Progetti Progetti IT IT EN EN DE DE CN CN News Rimani aggiornato con le ultime notizie aprile 2024 Living small Scopri marzo 2024 Milano Design Week Scopri marzo 2024 Shanghai Showroom Scopri marzo 2024 KBIS Scopri febbraio 2024 L'architettura in ordine di scala Scopri febbraio 2024 Espresso 2426 Scopri gennaio 2024 Living small Scopri dicembre 2023 Luoghi di ispirazione Scopri novembre 2023 L'architettura in ordine di scala Scopri novembre 2023 Architect@Work Scopri ottobre 2023 Sicam Scopri settembre 2023 Video Quercia Scopri agosto 2023 Luoghi di ispirazione Scopri luglio 2023 Solid Colours Scopri giugno 2023 Shaping Surfaces Scopri maggio 2023 Interzum Scopri aprile 2023 Like a bar Like a bar Scopri aprile 2023 Milano Design Week Scopri marzo 2023 Cleaf e Rotpunkt Cleaf e Rotpunkt Scopri febbraio 2023 Video Yosemite Scopri gennaio 2023 Aperitivo a Milano Scopri Menù Prodotti Azienda News Progetti Careers Download Rivenditori Contatti e stabilimenti Contatti Via Bottego 15 20851 Lissone MB Italia T. +39 039 2074 F. +39 039 2017820 info@cleaf.it cleaf@pec.cleaf.it C.F.: 02139550152 P. IVA: IT00730140969 SDI: M5UXCR1 Stabilimenti C1 Via Bottego 15 20851 Lissone MB Italia C2 Via Sant’Ambrogio 18 20846 Macherio MB Italia C3 Via delle Industrie 19/21 20851 Lissone MB Italia C4 Via San Giuseppe 3 20832 Desio MB Italia Newsletter Iscriviti ©2024 CLEAF S.P.A. | Privacy Policy | Termini e condizioni | Codice Etico | Whistleblowing | Modello 231/2001 Questo sito utilizza cookies Questo sito utilizza cookie tecnici e di statistici di terze parti per fornire servizi e analizzare il modo in cui gli utenti interagiscono con esso. Tecnici Statistici Rifiuta Accetta selezionati Accetta tutti

Cleaf | LinkedIn LinkedIn e terze parti utilizzano cookie essenziali e non essenziali per fornire, rendere sicuri, analizzare e migliorare i nostri servizi e per mostrarti annunci pertinenti (inclusi annunci professionali e offerte di lavoro ) su LinkedIn e altrove. Per saperne di più, consulta la nostra Informativa sui cookie . Seleziona “Accetta” per accettare o “Rifiuta” per rifiutare i cookie non essenziali per questo utilizzo. Puoi aggiornare le tue scelte in qualsiasi momento nelle impostazioni . Accetta Rifiuta Vai al contenuto principale LinkedIn Articoli Persone Learning Lavoro Iscriviti ora Accedi Cleaf Fabbricazione di prodotti in legno Lissone, MB 6.496 follower We are an Italian company producing innovative surfaces and solutions for furniture and interior design. Segui Visualizza tutti i dipendenti (147) Segnala azienda Chi siamo Cleaf is an Italian company producing innovative surfaces and solutions for the furniture and interior design industries.
Faced panels, laminates and edges exclusively manufactured at production sites in Brianza are installed worldwide by architects and companies building inspirational spaces for living and working. Sito Web http://www.cleaf.it Link esterno per Cleaf Settore Fabbricazione di prodotti in legno Dimensioni dell’azienda 201-500 dipendenti Sede principale Lissone, MB Tipo Società privata non quotata Data di fondazione 1975 Località Principale Via Vittorio Bottego 15 Lissone, MB 20851, IT Ottieni indicazioni Dipendenti presso Cleaf Luca Pangrazzi Andrea Martinelli Director Of Operations at Cleaf Adriano De Milato IT Project manager presso Cleaf PAOLA MAZZOLETTI CFO at Cleaf Vedi tutti i dipendenti Aggiornamenti Cleaf 6.496 follower 1 giorno Segnala post The last talk dedicated to architectural projects entitled "L'architettura in ordine di scala" will take place on #May30 inside our corporate showroom #CCube .

The #sizeS , the scale in relation of living, will be explored through the lecture of Stefano Testa , Architect and Founder of LEAPfactory srl , regarding the Leap Home Frame.

The project will highlight the design opportunities related to space limitations and modularity, and will try to answer some questions: Home as an industrial product? What happens when conventional barriers between the building envelope, technological systems and furniture are broken down? #CleafArchitetturaInOrdineDiScala #LeapHome #LEAPFactory #architecture #CleafSurfaces #Cleaf 29 Consiglia Commenta Condividi Cleaf 6.496 follower 1 settimana Modificato Segnala post We are happy to announce that the Milano Verticale Hotel in Milan by Vudafieri-Saverino Partners is the Winner of the fourth edition of the #ShapingSurfaces competition by #Cleaf .

The jury composed of multidisciplinary professionals of the design sector – #RobertaBrambilla , #MarinoRamazzotti , #AlessandroPasinelli , #MarioBisson , #PaolaMazzoletti – took into consideration both the innovation of the interior design and the best use of #CleafSurfaces .

The interior design and landscape architecture project aims to transcend the traditional concept of 'hotel' by creating a space that is at once an urban retreat, a food and beverage destination, a place to work and a hub for innovative services.
It's a contemporary tribute to Milanese design, to the works of the great post-war masters, and to the understatement that characterises the city of Milan, thanks to the hidden splendid garden.

The result is a timeless modernity in which the oak effect of Matrix LK48 has the great merit of unifying the "language" of some of the environments and furniture that characterise this new place of Milanese hospitality.

Project name: Milano Verticale
Project type: Hotel
Architect: Vudafieri Saverino Partners Photos: Santi Caleca 64 2 commenti Consiglia Commenta Condividi Cleaf 6.496 follower 2 settimane Segnala post On the occasion of #MilanDesignWeek 2024 we presented #CleafLivingSmall , a concept that explores small buildings. Projects in which the spatial limit represents an opportunity for experimentation and a reflection on modularity.
The innovative industrial process of design and fabrication stages, along with extensive interior customization, make small buildings an ideal context for #CleafSurfaces .

At the Salone del Mobile.Milano an house with a rhomboid base and sloping roof, designed by Bestetti Associati and set in a lunar landscape, showcased potential applications.
Collaboration with the Spanish studio Inzink Design has led to the creation of four buildings, placed within the corporate showroom #CCube . An exhibition to discover the four material effects: wood, metal, stone, fabric.

To mark the occasion, two new textures have been unveiled:

SBALZO
A geometric pattern inspired by artistic woodworking characterizes the Sbalzo texture. A three-dimensional effect that enhances the perception of depth.

TARANTA
The Taranta texture recalls the effect of the natural stone quarried in the Puglia area where the famous popular music festival from which it takes its name is held.

LIVING SMALL
A project by Cleaf
Salone del Mobile.Milano stand: Bestetti Associati Corporate showroom set-up: Inzink Design Graphic: Blackspace Milano Photos: Beppe Brancato Styling: Alessandro Pasinelli Studio Video: Alessandro Petri + 7 212 2 commenti Consiglia Commenta Condividi Cleaf 6.496 follower 1 mese Segnala post Palo Alto Residence II in Palo Alto by Bekom Design is the February Monthly Winner of the #ShapingSurfaces competition by #Cleaf .

The design concept revolved around creating the ultimate urban family holiday home.
A place to retreat, relax and rejuvenate in the outdoor lounge area, pool and spa. 
A home that invites gathering and entertaining with a high end kitchen, large dining area and fireplace designed in an open plan concept with fully integrated outdoor spaces, yet defines private, intimate spaces for tranquility and relaxation. 

Sablè LR22 with its natural wood look and feel, throughout the bespoke cabinetry, to bring nature indoors and echo the water and green landscape outdoor.

Project name: Palo Alto Residence II
Project type: Residential
Location: Palo Alto, USA
Architect: Bekom Design
Photos: Rich Anderson www.shapingsurfaces.design #interiordesign #competition 84 1 commento Consiglia Commenta Condividi Cleaf 6.496 follower 1 mese Modificato Segnala post On the occasion of #MilanDesignWeek 2024 we present #CleafLivingSmall , a concept that explores small buildings. 
Projects in which the spatial limit represents an opportunity for experimentation and a reflection on modularity. #salonedelmobile #salonedelmobile2024 #mdw2024 #CleafSurfaces #Cleaf 59 Consiglia Commenta Condividi Cleaf 6.496 follower 1 mese Modificato Segnala post Last Thursday we opened our new showroom in Shanghai.
An airy and immersive space of over 650m2 overlooking the Pudong district and the Huangpu River.

Products from the collection are displayed in the four effects - #wood , #fabric , #metal , #stone - through metal grids that divide the space without obstructing the view.
The meeting room and offices are fully furnished with products from the collection.

A place to meet Asian architects, distributors and furniture manufacturers and to showcase the beauty of #CleafSurfaces . #CleafShanghaiShowroom #Cleaf Architect: Bestetti Associati + 7 266 6 commenti Consiglia Commenta Condividi Cleaf 6.496 follower 2 mesi Segnala post Last week was our first time at KBIS in Las Vegas, North America's largest trade show dedicated to kitchen and bath design.

We showcased the beauty of our innovative surfaces for #furniture and #interiors in an immersive installation. #Wood , #metal , #stone , #fabric effects to give life to environments for living and working. From #retail to #hospitality , from #workspaces to #homeinteriors . 
Different scales and types of interior projects in which architects are called to develop unique experiences.

Stand design: Bestetti Associati Photos: PROTO IMAGES 166 4 commenti Consiglia Commenta Condividi Cleaf 6.496 follower 2 mesi Modificato Segnala post The Milano Verticale Hotel in Milan by Vudafieri Saverino Partners is the January Monthly Winner of the #ShapingSurfaces competition by #Cleaf .

The interior design and landscape architecture project aims to transcend the traditional concept of 'hotel' by creating a space that is at once an urban retreat, a food and beverage destination, a place to work and a hub for innovative services.
It's a contemporary tribute to Milanese design, to the works of the great post-war masters, and to the understatement that characterises the city of Milan, thanks to the hidden splendid garden.

The result is a timeless modernity in which the oak effect of Matrix LK48 has the great merit of unifying the "language" of some of the environments and furniture that characterise this new place of Milanese hospitality.

Project name: Milano Verticale
Project type: Hotel
Architect: Vudafieri Saverino Partners Photos: Santi Caleca www.shapingsurfaces.design #interiordesign #competition 92 1 commento Consiglia Commenta Condividi Cleaf 6.496 follower 2 mesi Segnala post Last Thursday the second talk dedicated to architectural projects entitled “L’architettura in ordine di scala” took place inside our corporate showroom #CCube .

The #sizeM , the scale in relation to the city, was explored through the lecture of Andreas Karavanas , Senior Architect at OMA , regarding the Museo Egizio project in Turin.

The dialogue illustrated the architectural transformation of the Museum in view of its bicentennial.
Among the design keys of the OMA studio, winner of the competition, there is an approach of reconnecting the museum to the urban fabric, with the aim of greater social involvement. #CleafArchitetturaInOrdineDiScala #MuseoEgizio200 #OMA #architecture #CleafSurfaces #Cleaf Ph. Marino Ramazzotti 91 3 commenti Consiglia Commenta Condividi Cleaf 6.496 follower 2 mesi Modificato Segnala post The second talk dedicated to architectural projects entitled “L’architettura in ordine di scala” will take place next week inside our corporate showroom #CCube .

The #sizeM , the scale in relation to the city, will be explored through the lecture of Andreas Karavanas , Senior Architect at OMA , regarding the Museo Egizio project in Turin.

The dialogue will illustrate the architectural transformation of the Museum in view of its bicentennial.
Among the design keys of the OMA studio, winner of the competition, there is an approach of reconnecting the museum to the urban fabric, with the aim of greater social involvement. #CleafArchitetturaInOrdineDiScala #MuseoEgizio200 #OMA #architecture #CleafSurfaces #Cleaf 39 Consiglia Commenta Condividi Iscriviti ora per vedere cosa ti stai perdendo Trova persone che conosci presso Cleaf Sfoglia le offerte di lavoro consigliate per te Visualizza tutti gli aggiornamenti, le notizie e gli articoli Iscriviti ora Pagine simili Gruppo Saviola Fabbricazione di mobili e arredi per la casa Viadana, MN Poliform spa Fabbricazione di mobili e arredi per la casa Inverigo, Como DecoLegno BV Vendita all'ingrosso Westzaan, North Holland EGGER Group Fabbricazione di carta e prodotti cartacei Sankt Johann in Tirol, Tirol Molteni&C Fabbricazione di mobili e arredi per la casa Giussano, MB Kronospan Fabbricazione di carta e prodotti cartacei Sacchi Elettroforniture Vendita all'ingrosso Desio, Monza e Brianza MINOTTI S.p.A. Fabbricazione di mobili e arredi per la casa MEDA, Monza Brianza Cassina Fabbricazione di mobili e arredi per la casa Meda, Milano SAIB Fabbricazione di mobili e arredi per la casa Caorso, Italia Mostra altre pagine simili Mostra meno pagine simili Sfoglia le offerte di lavoro Offerte di lavoro per “Acquisti” 3.597 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Export Manager” 2.003 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Webmaster” 449 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Direttore” 2.210 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Controllore” 14 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Project Manager” 4.790 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Architetto” 935 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Biologo” 160 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegnere” 2.794 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Risorse umane” 6.957 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Software Engineer” 10.922 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegnere gestionale” 1.467 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Responsabile magazzino” 817 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Supply Chain” 6.829 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Business controller” 476 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegnere dei materiali” 560 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegnere di processo” 668 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegnere junior” 1.421 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Scenografo” 202 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Modellatore 3d” 49 offerte di lavoro aperte Mostra altre offerte di lavoro come questa Mostra meno offerte di lavoro come questa Altre ricerche Altre ricerche Offerte di lavoro per “Acquisti” Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegnere gestionale” Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegnere di processo” Offerte di lavoro per “Microbiologo” Offerte di lavoro per “Analista” Offerte di lavoro per “Game tester” Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegnere” Offerte di lavoro per “Consulente legale” Offerte di lavoro per “Risorse umane” Offerte di lavoro per “Architetto” Offerte di lavoro per “Chimico” Offerte di lavoro per “Direttore risorse umane” Offerte di lavoro per “Farmacista” LinkedIn © 2024 Informazioni Accessibilità Contratto di licenza Informativa sulla privacy Informativa sui cookie Informativa sul copyright Informativa sul brand Controlli ospite Linee guida della community العربية (Arabo) Čeština (Ceco) Dansk (Danese) Deutsch (Tedesco) English (Inglese) Español (Spagnolo) Français (Francese) हिंदी (Hindi) Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesiano) Italiano (Italiano) 日本語 (Giapponese) 한국어 (Coreano) Bahasa Malaysia (Malese) Nederlands (Olandese) Norsk (Norvegese) Polski (Polacco) Português (Portoghese) Română (Rumeno) Русский (Russo) Svenska (Svedese) ภาษาไทย (Tailandese) Tagalog (Tagalog) Türkçe (Turco) Українська (Ucraino) 简体中文 (Cinese (Semplificato)) 正體中文 (Cinese (Tradizionale)) Lingua Accetta e iscriviti a LinkedIn Cliccando su “Continua” per iscriverti o accedere, accetti il Contratto di licenza , l’ Informativa sulla privacy e l’ Informativa sui cookie di LinkedIn. Accedi per vedere chi già conosci Cleaf Accedi Piacere di rivederti Email o telefono Password Mostra Hai dimenticato la password? Accedi oppure Cliccando su “Continua” per iscriverti o accedere, accetti il Contratto di licenza , l’ Informativa sulla privacy e l’ Informativa sui cookie di LinkedIn. Nuovo utente di LinkedIn? Iscriviti ora oppure Cliccando su “Continua” per iscriverti o accedere, accetti il Contratto di licenza , l’ Informativa sulla privacy e l’ Informativa sui cookie di LinkedIn. Nuovo utente di LinkedIn? Iscriviti ora

