Fluid Power Plant | Reggio Emilia | Dana Industrial ATTENTION!!! You are using an obsolete browser, update it to the latest version to view the contents of this website correctly. To take advantage of all the features of this site you need to enable Javascript . Here are all the instructions on how to enable JavaScript in your browser . Dana.com Careers About us Plants News & Events Digital Library Products & Brands Brevini motion systems Gearboxes Hydraulics PIV GWB Fairfield Markets Agriculture Bulk Materials Construction Environment, Energy, Recycling Heavy Industry Marine Material Handling Mining Plastic & Rubber Stationary Worldwide Home Worldwide Fluid Power Plant Fluid Power Plant en it Go back to map Production Plant Italy Contatti Address: Via Giulio Natta, 1, Reggio Emilia, Italy Phone: 0522 505811 Email: reception.fp@dana.com Follow Us: Dana Brevini Fluid Power è la divisione oleodinamica di Dana Off-Highway Motion and Drive Technologies, ed è il risultato dell’acquisizione da parte di Dana del business fluid power di Brevini. Brevini fluid power nasceva nel 2003 dall’unione di diverse aziende attive nel settore oleodinamico da oltre quarant’anni. La sfida è iniziata nel 1973 con la nascita di SamHydraulik e nel 1974 con Hydr-APP; sviluppandosi nei decenni successivi con Aron e Brevini Hydraulics. La gamma prodotto andò a completamento con l’acquisizione prima della VPS di Bologna e poi della OT OilTechnoloy di Parma.Nel 2009 ci fu l’ultima importante acquisizione di BPE, che consentì a Brevini Fluid Power di fornire anche controlli elettronici. Dana Brevini Fluid Power ha la sede divisionale a Reggio Emilia, è articolata su diverse unità produttive in Europa e Cina e può contare su una forte presenza diretta a livello globale grazie ai suoi Service and Assembly Centers, che assicurano la massima vicinanza ai clienti. AREA 7.500 mq CAPACITA’ PRODUTTIVA 450.000 Valvole, 20.000 Blocchi, 100.000 componenti personalizzate all’anno Per ulteriori informazioni, o per discutere le vostre esigenze, non esitate a contattarci. Dana Incorporated ©2023 Dana Limited. All Rights Reserved. Privacy & Cookie Policy Standards of Business Conduct Term of Use Privacy Notice Investors Media Room SOCIAL Subscribe to the Newsletter Notifiche ⨯

Hydraulics Brevini Motion Systems You are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser or activate Google Chrome Frame to improve your experience. Attenzione, JavaScript disabilitato! È necessario abilitare JavaScript nelle impostazioni del browser per poter fruire correttamente questo sito web. Dana.com Careers About Us Products Markets Worldwide Contacts en GO TO DANA INDUSTRIAL     > PUMPS     > ELECTRONICS     > COMPACT HYDRAULICS    > H y d r a u l i c s MOTORS     > BREVINI MOTION SYSTEMS Dana Brevini Motion Systems is the hydraulic division of Dana Off-Highway Motion and Drive Technologies and is the result of the acquisition by Dana of the Brevini Fluid Power business. POWER UNITS
    > FLOW CONTROLS    > Dana Motion Systems Italia S.r.l. – Fluid Power Division Via Giulio Natta 1, 42124 Reggio Emilia – Italy Tel: +39 0522 505811 Email: reception.fp@dana.com General conditions of sale Term of Use Privacy Notice 231 Model – Parte1 231 Model – Parte2 231 Model – Parte3 231 Model – Parte4 Code of Ethics SOCIAL SUBSCRIBE NEWSLETTER I accept the privacy terms and conditions Notifications By clicking on "Accept", you  agree to store cookies on your device to improve site navigation and analyze site usage. For more information on cookies and how to configure them, see the Cookie Policy. Cookies Settings Reject All Accept Privacy Preference Center Your Privacy Strictly Necessary Cookies Performance Cookies Your Privacy When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies Inactive These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Back Button Cookie List Filter Button Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Confirm My Choices Reject All Allow All

Dana Plant Reggio Emilia | Fluid Power | Dana Industrial ATTENTION!!! You are using an obsolete browser, update it to the latest version to view the contents of this website correctly. To take advantage of all the features of this site you need to enable Javascript . Here are all the instructions on how to enable JavaScript in your browser . Dana.com Careers About us Overview History Plants Environment, Health, Safety Quality Electrification News & Events Worldwide Case Studies Service and support Contact us Digital Library Products & Brands Brevini motion systems Gearboxes Hydraulics PIV GWB Fairfield Markets Agriculture Bulk Materials Construction Environment, Energy, Recycling Heavy Industry Marine Material Handling Mining Plastic & Rubber Stationary Worldwide Home Worldwide Plant Fluid Power Plant Fluid Power en it Go back to map Production Plant Italy Our Contacts Address: Via Giulio Natta, 1, Reggio Emilia, Italy Phone: 0522 505811 Email: reception.fp@dana.com Follow Us: Fluid Power is the hydraulic division of Dana Off-Highway  Drive and Motion  Technologies and is the result of the acquisition by Dana of the Brevini Fluid Power business. Brevini
Fluid Power was established in 2003 through the merger of several companies
active in the hydraulic sector for over forty years. The challenge began in
1973 with the birth of SamHydraulik in 1973, followed by Hydr-APP in 1974. The
company grew over the following decades with the addition of Aron and Brevini
Hydraulics. The product range expanded through acquisition of VPS in Bologna and OT OilTechnology in Parma. In 2009, acquisition of BPE allowed Brevini Fluid Power to start supplying clients with electronic controls. The Fluid Power division has headquarters in Reggio Emilia, with production units in Europe and China, and a direct presence all over the world with its service and assembly centers , ensuring valuable proximity to the customer. AREA 7.500 sqm PRODUCTION CAPACITY 450,000 Valves, 20,000 Blocks, 100,000 customised components per year For more information, or to discuss your requirements, please contact us. × We and selected third parties use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for functionality, experience, measurement and marketing (personalised ads) . You can freely give, deny, or withdraw your consent at any time by accessing the preferences panel. Denying consent may make related features unavailable. Use the “Accept” button to consent. Use the “Reject” button to continue without accepting. Press again to continue 0/1 Learn more and customise Reject Accept Dana Incorporated ©2023 Dana Limited. All Rights Reserved. Privacy & Cookie Policy Standards of Business Conduct Term of Use Privacy Notice Investors Media Room SOCIAL Subscribe to the Newsletter Notifications ⨯

About Us - Hydraulics You are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser or activate Google Chrome Frame to improve your experience. Attenzione, JavaScript disabilitato! È necessario abilitare JavaScript nelle impostazioni del browser per poter fruire correttamente questo sito web. Dana.com Careers About Us Products Markets Worldwide Contacts en About Us Home About Us Dana Motion Systems manufactures hydraulic – electronic components and a complete mechanical transmission range able to fit the needs of mobile and stationary applications in terms of working functions. The combined offer Spicer Drivetrain Systems and Brevini Motion Systems makes Dana the unique solutions provider in the Off-Highway and Industrial sectors that can manage power conveyance to move machines and also perform work functions. GO TO DANA-INDUSTRIAL Dana Motion Systems is the hydraulic division of Dana Off-Highway Motion and Drive Technologies and is the result of the acquisition by Dana of the Brevini Fluid Power business. Brevini Fluid Power was established in 2003 through the merger of several companies active in the hydraulic sector for over forty years. The challenge began in 1973 with the birth of SamHydraulik in 1973, followed by Hydr-APP in 1974. The company grew over the following decades with the addition of Aron and Brevini Hydraulics. The product range was expanded through the acquisition of VPS in Bologna and OT OilTechnology in Parma. In 2009, the important acquisition of BPE allowed Brevini Fluid Power to start supplying clients with electronic controls. The Dana Motion Systems- Hydraulics division has headquarters in Reggio Emilia, with production units in Europe and China, and a wide direct presence all over the world with its service and assembly centers , ensuring the highest closeness to the customer. Safety – Environment – Quality Dana believes that the health and safety of its employees, visitors, and the public is of the highest value. We are committed to providing the best advice and assistance to the functional and operational groups within Dana as they strive to achieve Dana’s business goals. Compliance with all applicable regulations in the jurisdictions in which Dana operates is our baseline standard. We are committed to customer satisfaction, excellence of our products and services, and continuous improvement. In order to realize these objectives, we have implemented and will maintain a quality system that meets the requirements of customers and standards. Through knowledge-sharing, formative internal communication and by exploiting synergies within the company, we build awareness and fuel our quest for superior product quality, technologically advanced products, world-class service and competitive prices . Download our certificates here ISO 9001 ISO 45001 ISO 14001 Dana Motion Systems Italia S.r.l. – Fluid Power Division Via Giulio Natta 1, 42124 Reggio Emilia – Italy Tel: +39 0522 505811 Email: reception.fp@dana.com General conditions of sale Term of Use Privacy Notice 231 Model – Parte1 231 Model – Parte2 231 Model – Parte3 231 Model – Parte4 Code of Ethics SOCIAL SUBSCRIBE NEWSLETTER I accept the privacy terms and conditions Notifications By clicking on "Accept", you  agree to store cookies on your device to improve site navigation and analyze site usage. For more information on cookies and how to configure them, see the Cookie Policy. Cookies Settings Reject All Accept Privacy Preference Center Your Privacy Strictly Necessary Cookies Performance Cookies Your Privacy When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies Inactive These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Back Button Cookie List Filter Button Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Confirm My Choices Reject All Allow All

Contacts - Hydraulics You are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser or activate Google Chrome Frame to improve your experience. Attenzione, JavaScript disabilitato! È necessario abilitare JavaScript nelle impostazioni del browser per poter fruire correttamente questo sito web. Dana.com Careers About Us Products Markets Worldwide Contacts en Contacts Home Contacts Address, phone and E-mail: Office address: Via Giulio Natta, 1, Reggio Emilia, Italy Phone : +39 0522 505811 Email : reception.fp@dana.com Website : www.brevinifluidpower.com Use the following form to request information about products Source Page: Lead Source Website Lead Source Type: Hydraulics - Website Source Campaign Code: Lead Record Type Dana - Default (Industrial) *Product of Interest: --None-- Fluid Control Motors & Pumps Power packs Service *First Name *Last Name *Email *Company *Country --None-- Andorra United Arab Emirates Afghanistan Antigua and Barbuda Anguilla Albania Armenia Angola Antarctica Argentina Austria Australia Aruba Aland Islands Azerbaijan Bosnia and Herzegovina Barbados Bangladesh Belgium Burkina Faso Bulgaria Bahrain Burundi Benin Saint Barthélemy Bermuda Brunei Darussalam Bolivia, Plurinational State of Bonaire, Sint Eustatius, and Saba Brazil Bahamas Bhutan Bouvet Island Botswana Belarus Belize Canada Cocos (Keeling) Islands Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Central African Republic Congo Switzerland Cote d’Ivoire Cook Islands Chile Cameroon China Colombia Costa Rica Cuba Cape Verde Curaçao Christmas Island Cyprus Czechia Germany Djibouti Denmark Dominica Dominican Republic Algeria Ecuador Estonia Egypt Western Sahara Eritrea Spain Ethiopia Finland Fiji Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands France Gabon United Kingdom Grenada Georgia French Guiana Guernsey Ghana Gibraltar Greenland Gambia Guinea Guadeloupe Equatorial Guinea Greece South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Guatemala Guinea-Bissau Guyana Heard Island and McDonald Islands Honduras Croatia Haiti Hungary Indonesia Ireland Israel Isle of Man India British Indian Ocean Territory Iraq Iran, Islamic Republic of Iceland Italy Jersey Jamaica Jordan Japan Kenya Kyrgyzstan Cambodia Kiribati Comoros Saint Kitts and Nevis Korea, Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Cayman Islands Kazakhstan Lao People’s Democratic Republic Lebanon Laos Saint Lucia Liechtenstein Sri Lanka Liberia Lesotho Lithuania Luxembourg Latvia Libya Morocco Monaco Moldova, Republic of Montenegro Saint Martin (French part) Madagascar North Macedonia Mali Myanmar Mongolia Macao Martinique Mauritania Montserrat Malta Mauritius Maldives Malawi Mexico Malaysia Mozambique Namibia New Caledonia Niger Norfolk Island Nigeria Nicaragua Netherlands Norway Nepal Nauru Niue New Zealand Oman Panama Peru French Polynesia Papua New Guinea Philippines Pakistan Poland Saint Pierre and Miquelon Pitcairn Palestine Portugal Paraguay Qatar Reunion Romania Serbia Russian Federation Rwanda Saudi Arabia Solomon Islands Seychelles Sudan Sweden Singapore Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Slovenia Svalbard and Jan Mayen Slovakia Sierra Leone San Marino Senegal Somalia Suriname South Sudan Sao Tome and Principe El Salvador Sint Maarten (Dutch part) Syrian Arab Republic Eswatini Turks and Caicos Islands Chad French Southern Territories Togo Thailand Tajikistan Tokelau Timor-Leste Turkmenistan Tunisia Tonga Türkiye Trinidad and Tobago Tuvalu Taiwan Tanzania, United Republic of Ukraine Uganda United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Holy See (Vatican City State) Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of Virgin Islands, British Vietnam Vanuatu Wallis and Futuna Samoa Kosovo Yemen Mayotte South Africa Zambia Zimbabwe Description Dana Motion Systems Italia S.r.l. – Fluid Power Division Via Giulio Natta 1, 42124 Reggio Emilia – Italy Tel: +39 0522 505811 Email: reception.fp@dana.com General conditions of sale Term of Use Privacy Notice 231 Model – Parte1 231 Model – Parte2 231 Model – Parte3 231 Model – Parte4 Code of Ethics SOCIAL SUBSCRIBE NEWSLETTER I accept the privacy terms and conditions Notifications By clicking on "Accept", you  agree to store cookies on your device to improve site navigation and analyze site usage. For more information on cookies and how to configure them, see the Cookie Policy. Cookies Settings Reject All Accept Privacy Preference Center Your Privacy Strictly Necessary Cookies Performance Cookies Your Privacy When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies Inactive These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Back Button Cookie List Filter Button Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Confirm My Choices Reject All Allow All

