DimacRed SpA | Consulting and Sales of High Quality Electronic Products​ Linkedin Blog Events News Blog Events News Search Search About Dimac Red Mission, Vision & Values Code of Ethics Skills & Services Markets Sales Network Products and R&D Quality Solutions Success Stories Careers Contacts About Dimac Red Mission, Vision & Values Code of Ethics Skills & Services Markets Sales Network Products and R&D Quality Solutions Success Stories Careers Contacts About Dimac Red Mission, Vision & Values Code of Ethics Skills & Services Markets Sales Network Products and R&D Quality Solutions Success Stories Events Blog Careers Contacts Menu About Dimac Red Mission, Vision & Values Code of Ethics Skills & Services Markets Sales Network Products and R&D Quality Solutions Success Stories Events Blog Careers Contacts Blog Events News Blog Events News Search Search where reliability belongs Dimac Red is a technology based & experienced sales organization, dedicated to serving both the European & US markets. Established in 1979, we continue to offer an array of high-quality and HiRel (high-reliability) electronic components, sub-systems, products & engineering consulting services discover Dimac Red Consulting and Sales of High Quality Electronic Products​ Dimac Red is a technology based & experienced sales organization established in 1979. Dedicated to serving European markets , we continue to offer an array of high-quality and HiRel (high-reliability) electronic components, sub-systems, products, solutions & engineering consulting services. For longer than 40 years our mission is to provide innovative products, services and consultancy in professional electronics to support the success of our European customers . read more Our Products​ Dimac Red Engineering in Milano, Italy started to invest time and resources into super-capacitor and ultra-capacitor technology in 2004. Thanks to many years of research and investments our laboratory is able to provide solutions for energy storage systems based on Ultra-Capacitors Technology . read more Products Automotive Identify Product s and services fitting your Project among the world leaders in Automotive Applications find products Space/Defence A wide offer of components, subsystems and services from Suppliers leaders of the market along with the professional support of our experts find products Railway Explore our competent and reliable partners when it comes to high-performance electronics in challenging areas of application. find products Industry Longer than 40 years of experience in this Market brought Dimac Red to be well reputed as an accountable and professional partner from our excellent Suppliers and our valuable Customers, as well. find products Medical We can offer the newest available Technologies in terms of solid state microwave generators, state of the art electronic components, sensors, for Curing&Disinfection, UVA, UVC, etc. find products Telecom We are working with reliable partners for Telecom Infrastructure Applications. find products Automotive Identify Product s and services fitting your Project among the world leaders in Automotive Applications find products Space/Defence A wide offer of components, subsystems and services from Suppliers leaders of the market along with the professional support of our experts find products Railway Explore our competent and reliable partners when it comes to high-performance electronics in challenging areas of application. find products Industry Longer than 40 years of experience in this Market brought Dimac Red to be well reputed as an accountable and professional partner from our excellent Suppliers and our valuable Customers, as well. find products Medical We can offer the newest available Technologies in terms of solid state microwave generators, state of the art electronic components, sensors, for Curing&Disinfection, UVA, UVC, etc. find products Telecom We are working with reliable partners for Telecom Infrastructure Applications. find products Success Stories Dimac Red is Customer committed and focused on design-in activities. Three significant examples in different markets and applications well describe the professional skills and collaboration of the Team. read more Skills&Services Markets Products and R&D Latest News Omnivision: the OX01J 1.3-Megapixel Image Sensor for Automotive Applications! 1 May 2024 LS Materials, new cell low ESR version ﻿ 24 April 2024 Johanson introduce the new “Applications” section on their website 18 March 2024 Sales Network Dimac red has a strong presence throughout Europe with local offices and dedicated Business Development Managers for each country to take care of clients and follow their design-in activities. read more Quality System Dimac Red operate since 1998 under quality system in accordance to ISO 9000 standards and has been certified to the latest ISO 9001 ed 2015 standard. read more Dimac Red Spa Engineering and Sales Via Giovanni XXIII, 25 20853 Biassono (MB) Italy Tel: +39 039 2494856 Fax: +39 039 491773 dimacred@dimacred.com Warehouse Via G. Rossini, 19 20851 Lissone (MB) Italy Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Legal and Social seat via G. Leopardi, 7 20123 Milano VAT Number (P.I.) 13137960152 Numero Iscrizione Registro imprese di Milano e C.F. 08891370150 Share Capital (C.S.) € 50.000 i.v. Linkedin About Dimac Solutions Success Stories Careers Contacts Blog Events News About Dimac Solutions Success Stories Careers Contacts Blog Events News Keep in touch! Email Message Send message Copyright © 2020 Dimac Red. All rights reserved. Credits: Made with ❤ by MakeitWonder

Dimac Red – DimacRed Spa Linkedin Blog Events News Blog Events News Search Search About Dimac Red Mission, Vision & Values Code of Ethics Skills & Services Markets Sales Network Products and R&D Quality Solutions Success Stories Careers Contacts About Dimac Red Mission, Vision & Values Code of Ethics Skills & Services Markets Sales Network Products and R&D Quality Solutions Success Stories Careers Contacts About Dimac Red Mission, Vision & Values Code of Ethics Skills & Services Markets Sales Network Products and R&D Quality Solutions Success Stories Events Blog Careers Contacts Menu About Dimac Red Mission, Vision & Values Code of Ethics Skills & Services Markets Sales Network Products and R&D Quality Solutions Success Stories Events Blog Careers Contacts Blog Events News Blog Events News Search Search Home / Products / Dimac Red back to search back to search Dimac Red Dimac red is able to provide solutions for energy storage systems based on Ultra Capacitors Technology. Our standard products are multiple modules of the X-BOOST family. Key features of the Super and Ultra Capacitor Technologies are: Very long lifetimes: more than 1 million cycles Wide range of operating temperature (-40°C;+65°C) No harmful chemicals or toxic metals No maintenance requirement 30% more efficient than batteries Up to 60 times the power density achieved by batteries Dimac red Engineering Laboratory in Biassono MB, Italy started to invest time and resources into Ultra-Capacitor technology in 2004. There are two distinct areas of intellectual property, evaluating and characterising ultra-capacitor cells and the know-how to design and build a subsystem (efficient charging and discharging). Dimac has developed Intellectual Property and Expertise since 2004 and is now working on multiple systems with several customers in different application areas. Markets: Space-Defense, Railway, Industry. Applications: Power-Supply-Converters. www.dimacred.com Dimac Red Spa Engineering and Sales Via Giovanni XXIII, 25 20853 Biassono (MB) Italy Tel: +39 039 2494856 Fax: +39 039 491773 dimacred@dimacred.com Warehouse Via G. Rossini, 19 20851 Lissone (MB) Italy Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Legal and Social seat via G. Leopardi, 7 20123 Milano VAT Number (P.I.) 13137960152 Numero Iscrizione Registro imprese di Milano e C.F. 08891370150 Share Capital (C.S.) € 50.000 i.v. Linkedin About Dimac Solutions Success Stories Careers Contacts Blog Events News About Dimac Solutions Success Stories Careers Contacts Blog Events News Keep in touch! Email Message Send message Copyright © 2020 Dimac Red. All rights reserved. Credits: Made with ❤ by MakeitWonder

DIMAC RED  spa | LinkedIn LinkedIn e terze parti utilizzano cookie essenziali e non essenziali per fornire, rendere sicuri, analizzare e migliorare i nostri servizi e per mostrarti annunci pertinenti (inclusi annunci professionali e offerte di lavoro ) su LinkedIn e altrove. Per saperne di più, consulta la nostra Informativa sui cookie . Seleziona “Accetta” per accettare o “Rifiuta” per rifiutare i cookie non essenziali per questo utilizzo. Puoi aggiornare le tue scelte in qualsiasi momento nelle impostazioni . Accetta Rifiuta Vai al contenuto principale LinkedIn Articoli Persone Learning Lavoro Iscriviti ora Accedi DIMAC RED  spa Fabbricazione di apparecchi elettrici, materiali elettrici e componenti elettronici Biassono, MB 1.247 follower Dimac Red is an high quality  electronic components  sales organization, dedicated to serve  European market. Segui Visualizza tutti i dipendenti (31) Segnala azienda Chi siamo Since 1979 Dimac Red is a reliable partner for customers, supplying them with Hi quality and Innovative electronic components and engineering consultancy. Sito Web http://www.dimacred.com Link esterno per DIMAC RED  spa Settore Fabbricazione di apparecchi elettrici, materiali elettrici e componenti elettronici Dimensioni dell’azienda 11-50 dipendenti Sede principale Biassono, MB Tipo Società privata non quotata Data di fondazione 1979 Settori di competenza hi-rel, aerospace, military, electronic, automotive, defence, semiconductor, ultracapacitors, avionics, IC, Medical, Telecom, industrial, avionics, space e electronic components Località Principale Via Papa Giovanni XXIII, 25 Biassono, MB 20853, IT Ottieni indicazioni Dipendenti presso DIMAC RED  spa Stefano Chiesa Marco Di Bartolo Shareholder and CEO  at DIMAC RED s.p.a Daniele Consonni Quality Assurance Manager at Dimac Red SpA Maurizio Serpetti Key Account Manager Vedi tutti i dipendenti Aggiornamenti DIMAC RED  spa 1.247 follower 3 mesi Modificato Segnala post We are thrilled to celebrate 40 years of collaboration with our valued partner Indium Corporation 🤝✨

Over the past four decades, our #partnership has been an incredible journey filled with innovation, growth, and shared accomplishments. Together, we've navigated industry challenges, embraced technological advancements, and achieved milestones that have not only shaped our successes but have also left a mark on the fields we serve. Indium Corporation has always been at the forefront of the global electronics sector serving as the steadfast choice for our customers seeking effective problem-solving solutions.

We are grateful to the people on both sides who have contributed to this remarkable achievement. This 40-anniversary is not just a proof of the longevity of our partnership but a celebration of the shared values, trust, and synergy that have been the foundation of our enduring success.

🚀🎉 We look forward to the next chapter, where we continue to create a legacy that stands the test of time! 

Read more 👉 https://lnkd.in/dViWhqch #DimacRed #IndiumCorporation #WhereReliabilityBelongs #PartnershipAnniversary #Electronics 59 Consiglia Commenta Condividi DIMAC RED  spa 1.247 follower 5 ore Segnala post In a rapidly evolving marketplace, proactiveness is the #KeyToSuccess , and it’s one of the core values for DimacRed.

In a world where #change is constant and #challenges are inevitable, being #proactive isn't just an advantage; it's a necessity. It's about anticipating needs, identifying opportunities, and taking decisive action to shape the future rather than react to it.

At DimacRed, proactiveness isn't just about being the first to act; it's about listening to customers, understanding their needs, and anticipating future challenges before they arise. It's about cultivating a culture that empowers every team member to take initiative and make a difference.

Join DimacRed as continue to push boundaries and pioneer a brighter future for all. #DimacRed #WhereReliabilityBelongs #values #proactiveness 3 Consiglia Commenta Condividi DIMAC RED  spa 1.247 follower 2 giorni Segnala post 🗓 From May 7th to 8th, Bologna Fiere will host Italy's leading event for power electronics and the electronics industry: #Fortronic2024 DimacRed and its team will be visiting Fortronic to discover the latest innovations and significant updates in electronics, e-mobility, and charging infrastructure. It will be an excellent opportunity to meet with the partners present at the fair.

Ready to discover the future! #DimacRed #WhereReliabilityBelongs #fortronic #Innovation 2 Consiglia Commenta Condividi DIMAC RED  spa 1.247 follower 6 giorni Segnala post #ExcitingNews from OMNIVISION : Introducing the OX01J 1.3-Megapixel Image Sensor for Automotive Applications!

Omnivision, a leading Semiconductor Manufacturer of Sensing & Display Solutions, is proud to announce the launch of its latest innovation: the OX01J 1.3-megapixel image sensor tailored for automotive 360-degree surround-view systems (SVS) and rear-view cameras (RVC).

The OX01J, designed to meet the demanding requirements of modern vehicles, offers top-of-the-line features including LED flicker mitigation (LFM) and an impressive 140 dB high dynamic range (HDR).

ASIL-B safety compliant, the sensor ensuring reliability and peace of mind for automotive manufacturers and consumers alike.

The mass production is scheduled for #October2024 .

Read more 👉 https://lnkd.in/egsUVRCD #DimacRed #WhereReliabilityBelongs #news 6 Consiglia Commenta Condividi DIMAC RED  spa 1.247 follower 1 settimana Segnala post Happy Labor Day to all!

In this special day, DimacRed wants to take the opportunity to express gratitude to all the people in its great team!
for their dedication, commitment, and relentless efforts in driving the company forward to new achievements.

In observance of this significant day, DimacRed will be closed from May 1st to May 3rd included, to allow the team members to spend quality time with their loved ones,
and recharge.

Wishing everyone a restful and enjoyable break! #WhereReliabilityBelongs #DimacRed #PublicHoliday #LaborDay #1stMay 4 Consiglia Commenta Condividi DIMAC RED  spa 1.247 follower 1 settimana Segnala post Our partner LS Materials officially launched the new cell LOW ESR version of 3.0V 360F - LSUC 003R0L 0360F LE.
This new #cell is the most optimized energy solution for applications requiring high current and space-saving such as portable medical equipment and passenger cars.

Want to learn more? Check out the link
👉 https://lnkd.in/eas_RB-p #DimacRed #WhereReliabilityBelongs #news 13 Consiglia Commenta Condividi DIMAC RED  spa 1.247 follower 1 settimana Segnala post News Alert! DimacRed is thrilled to announce his visit to Mobilefest Communication Technologies Fair & Conference , the premier mobile technology exhibition in Istanbul!

Our esteemed Turkish Business Development Manager, Ferdi Arsal, will be representing DimacRed at the event.

Mobilefest is the perfect platform for us to stay updated on the innovative solutions and the future of mobile technology.

See you there! 👋 #DimacRed #WhereReliabilityBelongs #Mobilefest2024 #Innovation 6 Consiglia Commenta Condividi DIMAC RED  spa 1.247 follower 2 settimane Segnala post To all our valued customers and partners, please be advised that our offices and warehouses will be closed on April 25th and 26th, in observance of the Italian public holiday, Liberation Day.

We will attend to all inquiries promptly upon our return.

Wishing you a wonderful and inspiring day ahead! #WhereReliabilityBelongs #DimacRed #PublicHoliday #LiberationDay 6 Consiglia Commenta Condividi DIMAC RED  spa 1.247 follower 2 settimane Segnala post The day has arrived!
📅 This afternoon will take place the webinar "How to power digital multi-domain systems”.

In this webinar you’ll have the opportunity to learn:
• Devices capability and features
• Different implementation possibility
• System performance

Don't miss out! Set your reminders and join us promptly at the scheduled time. #DimacRed #WhereReliabilityBelongs #webinar 2 Consiglia Commenta Condividi DIMAC RED  spa 1.247 follower 2 settimane Modificato Segnala post Just a few days left!

📅 Set your reminders for April 23rd at 3:00 PM (CET)!

A special thanks to our speakers, Daniele Angelo Viganò (Product & Sales Manager, Industrial & Transportation Division) from DimacRed, and Massimo Gavioli (Principal Field Application Engineer) from Empower Semiconductor , who are working diligently to ensure you have the best experience during this webinar.

You are still in time to register and secure your spot for this exclusive event: 
👉 https://lnkd.in/d8AMyqTY Don't miss out on this opportunity to gain valuable knowledge and stay ahead in the rapidly evolving landscape of digital systems! #DimacRed #WhereReliabilityBelongs #webinar 7 Consiglia Commenta Condividi Iscriviti ora per vedere cosa ti stai perdendo Trova persone che conosci presso DIMAC RED  spa Sfoglia le offerte di lavoro consigliate per te Visualizza tutti gli aggiornamenti, le notizie e gli articoli Iscriviti ora Pagine simili APC Technology Group Ltd Fabbricazione di apparecchi elettrici, materiali elettrici e componenti elettronici Rochester, Kent Electronica Fabbricazione di apparecchi elettrici, materiali elettrici e componenti elettronici Ciriè, italy MELEXIS Fabbricazione di semiconduttori LHH Servizi risorse umane Jacksonville, Florida Englobe Technologies Fabbricazione di componenti per il settore aeronautico e aerospaziale Comelit Group S.p.A. Fabbricazione di apparecchi elettrici, materiali elettrici e componenti elettronici Rovetta S. Lorenzo, BG Alaris KUHNE Fabbricazione di apparecchi elettrici, materiali elettrici e componenti elettronici Berg, Bavaria Dimac srl Produzione di macchinari Tortona, Alessandria JAMPEL S.r.l. Telecomunicazioni Bologna, Emilia Romagna Johanson Technology, Inc. Fabbricazione di apparecchi elettrici, materiali elettrici e componenti elettronici Camarillo, CA Mostra altre pagine simili Mostra meno pagine simili Sfoglia le offerte di lavoro Offerte di lavoro per “Project Manager” 4.790 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “User Experience Designer” 355 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Sviluppatore” 1.780 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Copywriter” 461 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Direttore” 2.210 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegnere” 2.794 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Export Manager” 2.003 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegnere biomedico” 180 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Product Manager” 2.538 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Account manager” 4.155 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Agronomo” 52 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Archivista” 743 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Redattore” 47 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Business Development” 6.198 offerte di lavoro aperte Mostra altre offerte di lavoro come questa Mostra meno offerte di lavoro come questa Altre ricerche Altre ricerche Offerte di lavoro per “Ingegnere” Offerte di lavoro per “Risorse umane” Offerte di lavoro per “Archivista” Offerte di lavoro per “Export Manager” LinkedIn © 2024 Informazioni Accessibilità Contratto di licenza Informativa sulla privacy Informativa sui cookie Informativa sul copyright Informativa sul brand Controlli ospite Linee guida della community العربية (Arabo) Čeština (Ceco) Dansk (Danese) Deutsch (Tedesco) English (Inglese) Español (Spagnolo) Français (Francese) हिंदी (Hindi) Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesiano) Italiano (Italiano) 日本語 (Giapponese) 한국어 (Coreano) Bahasa Malaysia (Malese) Nederlands (Olandese) Norsk (Norvegese) Polski (Polacco) Português (Portoghese) Română (Rumeno) Русский (Russo) Svenska (Svedese) ภาษาไทย (Tailandese) Tagalog (Tagalog) Türkçe (Turco) Українська (Ucraino) 简体中文 (Cinese (Semplificato)) 正體中文 (Cinese (Tradizionale)) Lingua Accetta e iscriviti a LinkedIn Cliccando su “Continua” per iscriverti o accedere, accetti il Contratto di licenza , l’ Informativa sulla privacy e l’ Informativa sui cookie di LinkedIn. Accedi per vedere chi già conosci DIMAC RED  spa Accedi Piacere di rivederti Email o telefono Password Mostra Hai dimenticato la password? Accedi oppure Cliccando su “Continua” per iscriverti o accedere, accetti il Contratto di licenza , l’ Informativa sulla privacy e l’ Informativa sui cookie di LinkedIn. Nuovo utente di LinkedIn? Iscriviti ora oppure Cliccando su “Continua” per iscriverti o accedere, accetti il Contratto di licenza , l’ Informativa sulla privacy e l’ Informativa sui cookie di LinkedIn. Nuovo utente di LinkedIn? Iscriviti ora

Products and R&D – DimacRed Spa Linkedin Blog Events News Blog Events News Search Search About Dimac Red Mission, Vision & Values Code of Ethics Skills & Services Markets Sales Network Products and R&D Quality Solutions Success Stories Careers Contacts About Dimac Red Mission, Vision & Values Code of Ethics Skills & Services Markets Sales Network Products and R&D Quality Solutions Success Stories Careers Contacts About Dimac Red Mission, Vision & Values Code of Ethics Skills & Services Markets Sales Network Products and R&D Quality Solutions Success Stories Events Blog Careers Contacts Menu About Dimac Red Mission, Vision & Values Code of Ethics Skills & Services Markets Sales Network Products and R&D Quality Solutions Success Stories Events Blog Careers Contacts Blog Events News Blog Events News Search Search Home / About Dimac Red / Products and R&D Products and R&D Dimac Red Engineering in Milano, Italy started to invest time and resources into super-capacitor and ultra-capacitor technology in 2004. Thanks to many years of research and investments our laboratory is able to provide solutions for energy storage systems based on Ultra-Capacitors Technology . Many of our products are custom products based on client’s specifications and needs, but we have developed a family of standard products called X-BOOST. Key features of the Super and Ultra Capacitor Technology > Very long lifetimes: more than 1 million cycles > Wide range of operating temperature (-40°C ; +65°C) > N o harmful chemicals or toxic metals > NO maintenance requirement > 30% more efficient than batteries > Up to 60 times the power density achieved by batteries About Dimac Red Mission, Vision & Values Code of Ethics Skills & Services Markets Sales Network Products and R&D Quality About Dimac Red Mission, Vision & Values Code of Ethics Skills & Services Markets Sales Network Products and R&D Quality Products and R&D Dimac Red Engineering in Milano, Italy started to invest time and resources into super-capacitor and ultra-capacitor technology in 2004. Thanks to many years of research and investments our laboratory is able to provide solutions for energy storage systems based on Ultra-Capacitors Technology . Many of our products are custom products based on client’s specifications and needs, but we have developed a family of standard products called X-BOOST. Key features of the Super and Ultra Capacitor Technology > Very long lifetimes: more than 1 million cycles > Wide range of operating temperature (-40°C ; +65°C) > N o harmful chemicals or toxic metals > NO maintenance requirement > 30% more efficient than batteries > Up to 60 times the power density achieved by batteries Dimac Red Spa Engineering and Sales Via Giovanni XXIII, 25 20853 Biassono (MB) Italy Tel: +39 039 2494856 Fax: +39 039 491773 dimacred@dimacred.com Warehouse Via G. Rossini, 19 20851 Lissone (MB) Italy Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Legal and Social seat via G. Leopardi, 7 20123 Milano VAT Number (P.I.) 13137960152 Numero Iscrizione Registro imprese di Milano e C.F. 08891370150 Share Capital (C.S.) € 50.000 i.v. Linkedin About Dimac Solutions Success Stories Careers Contacts Blog Events News About Dimac Solutions Success Stories Careers Contacts Blog Events News Keep in touch! Email Message Send message Copyright © 2020 Dimac Red. All rights reserved. Credits: Made with ❤ by MakeitWonder

Sales Network – DimacRed Spa Linkedin Blog Events News Blog Events News Search Search About Dimac Red Mission, Vision & Values Code of Ethics Skills & Services Markets Sales Network Products and R&D Quality Solutions Success Stories Careers Contacts About Dimac Red Mission, Vision & Values Code of Ethics Skills & Services Markets Sales Network Products and R&D Quality Solutions Success Stories Careers Contacts About Dimac Red Mission, Vision & Values Code of Ethics Skills & Services Markets Sales Network Products and R&D Quality Solutions Success Stories Events Blog Careers Contacts Menu About Dimac Red Mission, Vision & Values Code of Ethics Skills & Services Markets Sales Network Products and R&D Quality Solutions Success Stories Events Blog Careers Contacts Blog Events News Blog Events News Search Search Home / About Dimac Red / Sales Network Sales Network Dimac red has a strong presence throughout Europe with local offices and dedicated Business Development Managers for each country to take care of clients and follow their design-in activities. The Headquarter is based in Milan, Italy , from where all business is managed and R&D is based. About Dimac Red Mission, Vision & Values Code of Ethics Skills & Services Markets Sales Network Products and R&D Quality About Dimac Red Mission, Vision & Values Code of Ethics Skills & Services Markets Sales Network Products and R&D Quality Sales Network Dimac red has a strong presence throughout Europe with local offices and dedicated Business Development Managers for each country to take care of clients and follow their design-in activities. The Headquarter is based in Milan, Italy , from where all business is managed and R&D is based. Our offices and territories: > Headquarter in Milan , Italy > Office in Rome for central and south of Italy > Office in Paris and Toulouse for France, Benelux > Office in London for UK and Ireland > Office in Madrid for Spain and Portugal > Office in Hamburg for Central and Eastern Europe, Scandinavia > Office in Istanbul for Turkey and Greece Only for Switzerland : – Office in Milan > italian side – Office in Paris > french side – Office in Hamburg > german side Our offices and territories: > Headquarter in Milan , Italy > Office in Rome for central and south of Italy > Office in Paris and Toulouse for France, Benelux > Office in London for UK, Ireland, Scandinavia > Office in Madrid for Spain and Portugal > Office in Hamburg for Central and Eastern Europe > Office in Eskiseir for Turkey and Greece Only for Switzerland : – Office in Milan > italian side – Office in Paris > french side – Office in Hamburg > german side Rome Luisa De Francesco Business Development Manager Email me Rome, Italy Tel. +39 366 875 07 00 contact us Paris Olivier Rouxel Business Development Manager Email me Paris, France Tel: +33 1 30 47 32 85 Mobile: +33 6 60 46 30 69 contact us Toulouse Frederic Dole Business Development Manager Email me Toulouse, France Mobile: +33 6 27 21 69 93 contact us Madrid Carlos Arroyo Business Development Manager Email me Madrid, Spain Tel: +34 91 748 9222 Mobile: +34 620 974 861 contact us London London Office Business Development Area Email me London, UK Tel: +39 039 2494856 contact us Hamburg Olaf Juergens Business Development Manager Email me Hamburg, Germany Tel: +49 4554 999772 Mobile: +49 174 4001965 contact us Istanbul Ferdi Arslan Business Development Manager Email me Istanbul, Turkei Mobile: +90 (535) 762 39 85 contact us Rome For Commercial issues: dimacred@dimacred.com For R&D and Integration: tech@dimacred.com Milan, Italy Tel. +39 039 24 94 856 Rome, Italy Tel. +39 348 76 30 432 contact us Paris Olivier Rouxel Business Development Manager info_france@dimacred.com Paris, France Tel: +33 1 30 47 32 85 Mobile: +33 6 60 46 30 69 contact us Toulouse Frederic Dole Business Development Manager info_france@dimacred.com Toulouse, France Mobile: +33 6 27 21 69 93 contact us Madrid Carlos Arroyo Business Development Manager info_spain@dimacred.com Madrid, Spain Tel: +34 91 748 9222 Mobile: +34 620 974 861 contact us London John Sharkey Business Development Manager info_uk_nordic@dimacred.com London, UK Mobile: +44 79 23 44 34 36 contact us Hamburg Olaf Juergens Business Development Manager info_germany@dimacred.com Hamburg, Germany Tel: +49 4554 999772 Mobile: +49 174 4001965 contact us Eskiseir Kevin Jalbert Business Development Manager info_turkey&greece@dimacred.com Eskiseir, Turkei Tel: +1 203 606 1854 contact us Dimac Red Spa Engineering and Sales Via Giovanni XXIII, 25 20853 Biassono (MB) Italy Tel: +39 039 2494856 Fax: +39 039 491773 dimacred@dimacred.com Warehouse Via G. Rossini, 19 20851 Lissone (MB) Italy Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Legal and Social seat via G. Leopardi, 7 20123 Milano VAT Number (P.I.) 13137960152 Numero Iscrizione Registro imprese di Milano e C.F. 08891370150 Share Capital (C.S.) € 50.000 i.v. Linkedin About Dimac Solutions Success Stories Careers Contacts Blog Events News About Dimac Solutions Success Stories Careers Contacts Blog Events News Keep in touch! Email Message Send message Copyright © 2020 Dimac Red. All rights reserved. Credits: Made with ❤ by MakeitWonder

