Just a moment... www.energean.com Verifying you are human. This may take a few seconds. www.energean.com needs to review the security of your connection before proceeding. Verification successful Waiting for www.energean.com to respond... Enable JavaScript and cookies to continue Ray ID: 881257eebc1459b3 Performance & security by Cloudflare

Just a moment... www.energean.com Verifying you are human. This may take a few seconds. www.energean.com needs to review the security of your connection before proceeding. Verification successful Waiting for www.energean.com to respond... Enable JavaScript and cookies to continue Ray ID: 881257ff8e3bbb26 Performance & security by Cloudflare

ENERGEAN ITALY SpA - Assorisorse Chi Siamo Attività Newsroom Studi e ricerche Home > Chi Siamo > Associate > ENERGEAN ITALY SpA ENERGEAN ITALY SpA Energean Italy S.p.A., che vanta oltre 70 anni di storia in Italia nell’ambito E&P, nel dicembre 2020 ha cambiato azionista di riferimento venendo acquisita da Energean plc (LSE:ENOG, FTSE 250, TASE:אנאג, TA-35), operatore internazionale nell’upstream focalizzato su sviluppo, esplorazione e produzione di idrocarburi e gas naturale nelle aree del Mediterraneo. Con un organico di circa 250 dipendenti, Energean Italy S.p.A. gestisce le proprie attività in Italia e, grazie al polo di eccellenza tecnica basato a Milano, supporta quelle del Gruppo in Egitto, Croazia, Montenegro, Cipro, Grecia, Israele e UK con un concreto ingaggio verso la sostenibilità puntando alle emissioni zero entro il 2050, nel rispetto della transizione energetica in atto e dei 17 obiettivi di Sviluppo Sostenibile delle Nazioni Unite. Sede legale Piazza Sigmund Freud, 1 - 20154 Milano Tel. +39 02.91441000 Sito web: https://www.energean.com/it/home Pec: energean.italy@pec.energean.com Prodotti e servizi - ESPLORAZIONE E PRODUZIONE IDROCARBURI (66) Gallery Photo courtesy of  Energean Italy Photo courtesy of  Energean Italy Piattaforma Vega – Energean Italy Assorisorse: https://www.assorisorse.org URL: https://www.assorisorse.org/chi-siamo/associate/energean-italy-spa/ Copyright © 2024 Assorisorse. All rights reserved. Confindustria Energia Link Utili Sitemap Contatti Disclaimer Social media policy Privacy Cookies Powered by Cultur-e Login × Ricordami Login Hai dimenticato la password? × Non hai i permessi necessari per accedere a questo contenuto × Informativa Noi e terze parti selezionate utilizziamo cookie o tecnologie simili per finalità tecniche e, con il tuo consenso, anche per le finalità di esperienza e misurazione come specificato nella cookie policy . Puoi liberamente prestare, rifiutare o revocare il tuo consenso, in qualsiasi momento, accedendo al pannello delle preferenze.  Il rifiuto del consenso può rendere non disponibili le relative funzioni. Usa il pulsante “Accetta” per acconsentire. Usa il pulsante “Rifiuta”  per continuare senza accettare. Premi ancora per continuare 0/2 Scopri di più e personalizza Rifiuta Accetta

Just a moment... www.energean.com Verifying you are human. This may take a few seconds. www.energean.com needs to review the security of your connection before proceeding. Verification successful Waiting for www.energean.com to respond... Enable JavaScript and cookies to continue Ray ID: 881258254970374f Performance & security by Cloudflare

Energean | LinkedIn LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads ) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy . Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings . Accept Reject Skip to main content LinkedIn Articles People Learning Jobs Join now Sign in Energean Oil and Gas London, England 61,644 followers Delivering the energy transition in the Mediterranean See jobs Follow View all 565 employees Report this company About us Energean (LSE:ENOG, FTSE 250, TASE:אנאג, TA-35) is a London-based independent E&P company focused on developing resources in the Mediterranean and UK North Sea. Energean is committed to sustainable development and to be a net zero emitter by 2050. The company also strives to meet United Nations' 17 Sustainable Development Goals through its day-to-day operations and a wide range of CSR initiatives.

The Company operates production, development and exploration assets and running projects in nine countries in the Med and the North Sea with an excellent HSE track record.

Production comes mainly from the Abu Qir fields in Egypt, and fields in Italy, Greece, Croatia and the UK. Energean's flagship development assets are the multi-tcf Karish, Karish North and Tanin gas fields, offshore Israel.

Energean is also developing the North El Amriya/ North Idku fields in Egypt.

In addition, the Company has significant exploration potential which provides the basis for future organic growth. Website http://www.energean.com External link for Energean Industry Oil and Gas Company size 501-1,000 employees Headquarters London, England Type Public Company Founded 2007 Specialties Oil & Gas exploration and production Locations Primary 44 Baker Street London, England, GB Get directions Employees at Energean Andy Bartlett Energean plc, Africa Oil Corporation Giuseppe Vischetti Sten Stromberg Anne-Michele Vignaroli Head of Petroleum Engineering See all employees Updates Energean 61,644 followers 3h Edited Report this post Energean Israel Head of Public Affairs, Eliana Fishler took part in a panel discussion at the Offshore Technology Conference 2024 in Houston, Texas.
 
With contributions from the Israeli Economic Consulates in the US, in combination with the Israeli Ministry of Energy, there was a lively consideration when discussing: "Shaping the Future: Israeli Innovation for Offshore Technologies: Security, Software and Monitoring as a part of the “Around the World Series”. Israel's reputation as the "Start-Up Nation" precedes it, and within the realm of offshore energy production, Israeli innovators are at the forefront, offering cutting-edge solutions in #security , #software , and #monitoring . This panel discussion provided a comprehensive overview of how these technologies are shaping the future of offshore energy production globally, specifically in the cybersecurity sector – and where lessons might be learned in Israel and applied across the world of oil and #gas .
 
Eliana made it clear that Energean made it a mission to build a bridge between the Israeli tech eco system and the global O&G industry. Focusing on Israeli technologies is a strategic decision. We made the choice to use local technologies wherever we can. Unlike other parts of the world with a long established oil & gas industry, tech is more established in Israel than oil. It has therefore been part of Energean’s objectives to search for #Israelitechnologies that can support our operations.
 
This is not just within the obvious cyber security and broader intelligence based applications, where Israel is a world leader. We have also engaged with the Israeli tech cluster on multiple operational considerations. We recognize the unique opportunity represented by the only deep water facility in Israeli water, and will always look for ways to use it for #innovation activities; both for the company and for the Israeli tech ecosystem.
 
The ideal is to develop technological solutions in Israel that can then be used across the global portfolio
 
Offshore Technology Conference | OTC 2024 | Offshore Energy Event ( otcnet.org ) Paddy Blewer , Eliana Fishler , David Ephraim , Orna Avraham , Livia Link , Bini Zomer , Gary Leibowitz, Chevron , Foreign Trade Administration - Ministry of Economy & Industry , Consulate General of Israel to the Southeast , Israel Ministry of Energy and Infrastructure - משרד האנרגיה והתשתיות , OTORIO 21 Like Comment Share Energean reposted this Paul Hickin Energy leader. Strategist. Content creator. Innovator. Commodities. Macroeconomics. Geopolitics. 23h Report this post The latest issue of Petroleum Economist delves deep into the LNG questions around the globe, has exclusive interviews with Equinor Woodside Energy Energean and Arrow Energy , analysis on #OPEC + from Neil Atkinson , the energy trilemma from Adi Imsirovic , China's diesel woes from Ahmed Mehdi , features on Mexico's election and the arrival of Canada's TMX pipeline and some excellent analysis on hydrogen for Hydrogen Economist and carbon projects for Carbon Economist from Stuart Penson. Big shout outs to Simon Ferrie and Rhys Timson for pulling it all together. https://lnkd.in/dhQVwqzy Cover read.nxtbook.com 18 3 Comments Like Comment Share Energean 61,644 followers 6d Report this post In #Morocco , we have the chance to repeat our success in the East Mediterranean. We hope to discover, develop and produce domestic natural #gas that is the catalyst for & foundation of socio economic prosperity and industrial growth. Domestic production provides #energysecurity and is significantly more sustainable than imported #energy .

Morocco was our first step beyond the East Med - and may not be our last. As CEO Mathios Rigas concludes in his interview with Petroleum Economist : "We continue our strategy to grow into the gas space. The Moroccan project is a first step outside our existing countries of operation. If we see other opportunities—like in Morocco—we will grab them and develop gas for any country that wants us to." https://lnkd.in/exB3648A Aldo Costantini Paddy Blewer Nicolas KATCHAROV Gas discovery could transform Morocco pemedianetwork.com 281 2 Comments Like Comment Share Energean reposted this Energean 61,644 followers 1w Report this post To all our colleagues, friends, stakeholders and their families. We wish you all a Happy Orthodox Easter and hope the next few days bring you peace and joy, wherever you are. 107 1 Comment Like Comment Share Energean 61,644 followers 1w Report this post To all our colleagues, friends, stakeholders and their families. We wish you all a Happy Orthodox Easter and hope the next few days bring you peace and joy, wherever you are. 107 1 Comment Like Comment Share Energean 61,644 followers 1w Edited Report this post Petroleum Economist ’s article published today, explores the current dynamic landscape of the East Mediterranean #energy scene; spotlighting key players – one of which is Energean. 

The article sheds a light on our steadfast commitment and strategic vision in the region and highlights why Energean, IOCs and NOCs continue their commitment to major projects – providing #energysecurity in a region where there is long term demand for natural #gas .

"Our involvement in Israel is a long-term commitment. We have developed reserves, made discoveries, and brought them all onstream through our regionally unique FPSO." – comments our CEO Mathios Rigas Find out how we navigate regional complexities while upholding our dedication to operational excellence and sustainable practices. As well as our expansion plans, including the development of Katlan and Tanin discoveries, and our unwavering focus on creating long-term value in the ever-evolving energy transition through a commitment to maintaining our status as #ESG leaders.

Read the full piece here https://lnkd.in/e8NTaxrd Paddy Blewer East Med gas producers show caution and commitment pemedianetwork.com 113 1 Comment Like Comment Share Energean 61,644 followers 2w Edited Report this post Energean joined fellow industry leaders at The American University in Cairo for a workshop on Carbon Capture, Utilization and Storage ( #CCUS ), an excellent platform to discuss its role in advancing #decarbonization . 

On behalf of Energean, Yassin Yehia Rady presented:
- Our ongoing East Mediterranean CCS related projects (Prinos CCS & potential AQP CCS)
- Our commitment to achieving #netzero emissions
- The expanding global market for carbon storage
- The challenges associated with implementing carbon storage solutions in Egypt 

CCS is becoming increasingly important for #Egypt , considering the upcoming implementation of the Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism (CBAM) in 2026.

We are proud to be working with AQP on this project - strategically positioned in close proximity to major industrial hubs for efficient capture of carbon emissions both locally and regionally. Nicolas KATCHAROV Caroline Hegazi, MBA 84 Like Comment Share Energean 61,644 followers 2w Report this post Interesting perspective from JP Morgan in the FT on demand for hydrocarbons continuing to grow as #energy access and #energysecurity remain the primary drivers in the #energytrilmma – especially against a challenging global macroeconomic / monetary dynamic.

We would raise another vital issue: the role of #gas in the transition. As we saw at COP, where we joined a number of landmark energy & industrial #decarbonisation agreements; the role of gas both displacing more pollutive fuels and providing energy access, security & affordability is is a vital driver in a just transition. 

Energean has been a positive driver in the East and now Greater Mediterranean region’s #energytransition story, since we made the choice to transition ourselves to become a natural #gas and #ESG focused company.

Israel, Egypt and Morocco understand the value of domestically produced #gas as a foundation of energy security and a driver of the transition. Italy’s energy market reforms show the way forwards. We hope that other sovereign states will learn from these examples and embed gas as a major component of energy policy. Paddy Blewer Antonino Caliri Eliana Fishler Caroline Hegazi, MBA Sotiris Chiotakis https://on.ft.com/3VYATRU JPMorgan warns of need for ‘reality check’ on phasing out fossil fuels ft.com 78 1 Comment Like Comment Share Energean 61,644 followers 3w Report this post Last week, we brought the energy world to life for students at the Istituto Majorana in Termoli! The session was hosted by Energean employees including recent graduate of the Institute, Simone Chiaramonte. 

The students explored Italy's #energy landscape, global connections, and essential skills in the hydrocarbon sector giving them a better understanding into the national energy system and the effects of global events on local energy markets.

It was an honor to inspire and educate the #nextgeneration of energy leaders.


***
La scorsa settimana, abbiamo portato il mondo dell'energia tra gli studenti dell'Istituto Majorana di Termoli! 

La sessione è stata condotta da dipendenti di Energean, tra cui Simone Chiaramonte, neolaureato nello stesso Istituto.

Gli studenti hanno potuto esplorare il panorama energetico italiano, le connessioni globali e le competenze chiave nel settore degli idrocarburi, acquisendo una migliore comprensione del sistema energetico nazionale e degli effetti degli eventi globali sui mercati energetici locali.

È stato un onore poter ispirare e formare la prossima generazione di leader del settore energetico. Antonino Caliri , Marcella Semenza 80 2 Comments Like Comment Share Energean 61,644 followers 3w Report this post Yesterday, Energean’s Greece Country Manager Katerina Sardi took part in a panel discussion at the Delphi Economic Forum , that considered “The Energy Mix - Hydrocarbon Exploration and a Balanced Path to Clean Energy”. Fellow panel members were from DEFSA, East Mediterranean Gas Forum - EMGF , HELLENiQ ENERGY and Deputy Minister Alexdra Sdoukou
 
Dr Sardi argued that it is vital that we see more positive support for gas from the EU and Member States. Domestically produced gas can and should provide sustainable, affordable. reliable energy. This call for support for gas comes against the realisation that core foundations for EU energy & environmental policy of cheap and secure Russian gas and global peace and stability are no longer viable.
 
Energean has proven how to do it. We have been committed and effective in discovering, developing and producing new resources across the Mediterranean, creating affordable energy security and displacing dirtier fuels such as lignite and heavy fuel oil. We now also have the Prinos CO2 Storage project, a solution for the decarbonisation of heavy industry which is vital for the Greek economic & industrial dynamic. 
 
One only need look at the UK or Germany, where heavy industry has been drastically cut, with thousands of jobs lost, to understand the potentially negative socio-economic consequences. We are ready to support the socio-economic health and wealth of Europe. We just need to be told that our support is welcome. 
 
For full detail, please click here: https://lnkd.in/dgA5kJ5K Link to Paddy Blewer , Sotiris Chiotakis 103 Like Comment Share Join now to see what you are missing Find people you know at Energean Browse recommended jobs for you View all updates, news, and articles Join now Affiliated pages Karish Development Similar pages HELLENiQ ENERGY Oil and Gas Eni Oil and Gas Rome, Piazzale Enrico Mattei, 1 Edison Utilities Motor Oil Oil and Gas bp Oil and Gas London, England MYTILINEOS S.A. Oil, Gas, and Mining Maroussi - Athens, Attiki Chevron Oil and Gas San Ramon, CA TotalEnergies Oil and Gas Capricorn Energy PLC Oil and Gas Shell Oil and Gas London, England Show more similar pages Show fewer similar pages Browse jobs Controller jobs 78,122 open jobs Accountant jobs 104,259 open jobs Legal Counsel jobs 45,664 open jobs Environmental Engineer jobs 25,174 open jobs Engineer jobs 608,159 open jobs Project Manager jobs 312,603 open jobs Analyst jobs 760,055 open jobs Manager jobs 2,003,890 open jobs Business Development Specialist jobs 45,420 open jobs Financial Controller jobs 66,542 open jobs Lawyer jobs 34,503 open jobs Paralegal jobs 33,672 open jobs Energy Manager jobs 27,986 open jobs Financial Analyst jobs 135,372 open jobs Trader jobs 11,447 open jobs Real Estate Paralegal jobs 5,365 open jobs Investment Analyst jobs 16,073 open jobs Geologist jobs 4,144 open jobs Officer jobs 1,244,525 open jobs Internal Auditor jobs 45,803 open jobs Show more jobs like this Show fewer jobs like this Funding Energean 2 total rounds Last Round Post IPO debt Jul 18, 2023 External Crunchbase Link for last round of funding US$ 750.0M See more info on crunchbase More searches More searches Accountant jobs Controller jobs Petroleum Engineer jobs Oil and Gas Specialist jobs Co-Owner jobs Geologist jobs Engineer jobs Intellectual Property Lawyer jobs Commercial Lawyer jobs Electrical Supervisor jobs Geophysicist jobs Consultant jobs Cost Engineer jobs Student Assistant jobs Project Manager jobs PHD jobs Environmental Engineer jobs Analyst jobs Geoscientist jobs Bookkeeper jobs Internal Auditor jobs Officer jobs Business Development Specialist jobs Senior jobs Specialist jobs Financial Controller jobs Office Manager jobs Cargo Specialist jobs Paralegal jobs Executive Vice President jobs Environmental Consultant jobs Senior Logistics Analyst jobs Director of Procurement jobs Corporate Legal Counsel jobs Coordinator jobs Project Director jobs Finance Manager jobs Shipping Specialist jobs Trader jobs Logistics Specialist jobs Account Manager jobs Operator jobs Marine Engineer jobs Mechanical Engineer jobs Chief Executive Officer jobs Manager jobs Junior Analyst jobs Insurance Manager jobs Group Treasury Manager jobs Sustainability Consultant jobs Port Captain jobs Exploration Geologist jobs Technician jobs Executive jobs Support Specialist jobs Billing Analyst jobs Internal Audit Manager jobs Foreperson jobs Senior Finance Manager jobs Corporate Finance Specialist jobs LinkedIn © 2024 About Accessibility User Agreement Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Brand Policy Guest Controls Community Guidelines العربية (Arabic) Čeština (Czech) Dansk (Danish) Deutsch (German) English (English) Español (Spanish) Français (French) हिंदी (Hindi) Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian) Italiano (Italian) 日本語 (Japanese) 한국어 (Korean) Bahasa Malaysia (Malay) Nederlands (Dutch) Norsk (Norwegian) Polski (Polish) Português (Portuguese) Română (Romanian) Русский (Russian) Svenska (Swedish) ภาษาไทย (Thai) Tagalog (Tagalog) Türkçe (Turkish) Українська (Ukrainian) 简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified)) 正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional)) Language Agree & Join LinkedIn By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy . Sign in to see who you already know at Energean Sign in Welcome back Email or phone Password Show Forgot password? Sign in or By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy . New to LinkedIn? Join now or By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy . New to LinkedIn? Join now

