Home Home Products Digital Converting Corrugated Web 2nd Hand Contacts Company HISTORY & MANUFACTURING Research & Development News Service News & Events Merry Christmas and Happy New Year Open House | 2-5 May 2023 | Big News! Open House | 8-17 June 2022 There is no form with this name or may be the form is unpublished, Please check the form and the url and the form management. converting digital second hand corrugated web Latest Tweets No tweets found. home products digital converting corrugated web 2hand contacts company news Engico S.r.l. | Via Adamello, 3 | 20851 Lissone (MB) | Italy | Phone +39 039 2457847 | Fax +39 039 461196 | Email : engico@engico.com | Privacy policy

ENGICO s.r.l. | LinkedIn LinkedIn e terze parti utilizzano cookie essenziali e non essenziali per fornire, rendere sicuri, analizzare e migliorare i nostri servizi e per mostrarti annunci pertinenti (inclusi annunci professionali e offerte di lavoro ) su LinkedIn e altrove. Per saperne di più, consulta la nostra Informativa sui cookie . Seleziona “Accetta” per accettare o “Rifiuta” per rifiutare i cookie non essenziali per questo utilizzo. Puoi aggiornare le tue scelte in qualsiasi momento nelle impostazioni . Accetta Rifiuta Vai al contenuto principale LinkedIn Articoli Persone Learning Lavoro Iscriviti ora Accedi ENGICO s.r.l. Produzione di macchinari Lissone, Monza Brianza 75 follower engineering for corrugated Segui Visualizza tutti i dipendenti (18) Segnala azienda Chi siamo Machinery for corrugated Sito Web www.engico.com Link esterno per ENGICO s.r.l. Settore Produzione di macchinari Dimensioni dell’azienda 11-50 dipendenti Sede principale Lissone, Monza Brianza Tipo Società privata non quotata Data di fondazione 1990 Località Principale Via Adamello, 3 Lissone, Monza Brianza 20851, IT Ottieni indicazioni Dipendenti presso ENGICO s.r.l. Valentina Benzoni Sales & Marketing presso ENGICO s.r.l. Mirko Colnaghi operatore cnc Antonio Garofalo Carpentiere presso ENGICO s.r.l. Andrea Esposito Attestato presso ENGICO s.r.l. Vedi tutti i dipendenti Aggiornamenti ENGICO s.r.l. 75 follower 2 settimane Segnala post 4 Consiglia Commenta Condividi ENGICO s.r.l. 75 follower 2 settimane Segnala post Haire Group 917 follower 3 settimane Haire Group works hard to help clients succeed by providing them with innovative technology that meets their industry needs. Congrats to Acme Corrugated Box Co., Inc. on your Jumbo FFG. 🎉 
Truly honored to be a part of your growth! ✨ #hairegroup #FlexoFolderGluer #engico 1 Consiglia Commenta Condividi Iscriviti ora per vedere cosa ti stai perdendo Trova persone che conosci presso ENGICO s.r.l. Sfoglia le offerte di lavoro consigliate per te Visualizza tutti gli aggiornamenti, le notizie e gli articoli Iscriviti ora Pagine simili Engico Fabbricazione di macchinari di automazione ALVIT S.R.L. Fabbricazione di apparecchi elettrici, materiali elettrici e componenti elettronici BIASSONO, Mb devion Fabbricazione di macchinari di automazione Roeselare, West Vlaanderen Engico Petrolio e gas Hassi Messaoud , Ouargla GERO SRL Vendita al dettaglio di attrezzature per ufficio ARCORE, Mb Elettroservice Srl Padova Vendita al dettaglio Padova, Veneto CDC Automatisatie Fabbricazione di macchinari di automazione TECNICAD di Iudice Luca COLFAX POMPE S.P.A. Produzione di macchinari LOCATE DI TRIULZI, Mi SIMA ENGINEERING S.R.L. Commercio internazionale e sviluppo Villorba, Treviso Mostra altre pagine simili Mostra meno pagine simili LinkedIn © 2024 Informazioni Accessibilità Contratto di licenza Informativa sulla privacy Informativa sui cookie Informativa sul copyright Informativa sul brand Controlli ospite Linee guida della community العربية (Arabo) Čeština (Ceco) Dansk (Danese) Deutsch (Tedesco) English (Inglese) Español (Spagnolo) Français (Francese) हिंदी (Hindi) Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesiano) Italiano (Italiano) 日本語 (Giapponese) 한국어 (Coreano) Bahasa Malaysia (Malese) Nederlands (Olandese) Norsk (Norvegese) Polski (Polacco) Português (Portoghese) Română (Rumeno) Русский (Russo) Svenska (Svedese) ภาษาไทย (Tailandese) Tagalog (Tagalog) Türkçe (Turco) Українська (Ucraino) 简体中文 (Cinese (Semplificato)) 正體中文 (Cinese (Tradizionale)) Lingua Accetta e iscriviti a LinkedIn Cliccando su “Continua” per iscriverti o accedere, accetti il Contratto di licenza , l’ Informativa sulla privacy e l’ Informativa sui cookie di LinkedIn. Accedi per vedere chi già conosci ENGICO s.r.l. Accedi Piacere di rivederti Email o telefono Password Mostra Hai dimenticato la password? Accedi oppure Cliccando su “Continua” per iscriverti o accedere, accetti il Contratto di licenza , l’ Informativa sulla privacy e l’ Informativa sui cookie di LinkedIn. Nuovo utente di LinkedIn? Iscriviti ora oppure Cliccando su “Continua” per iscriverti o accedere, accetti il Contratto di licenza , l’ Informativa sulla privacy e l’ Informativa sui cookie di LinkedIn. Nuovo utente di LinkedIn? Iscriviti ora

Kompass.com Please contact your local Kompass or support.bip@kompass.com We apologize for any inconvenience. The Kompass team. Thu May 09 2024 16:34:32 GMT+0200 (Central European Summer Time) My public IP address is: 93.66.87.21

403 Forbidden Forbidden You don't have permission to access this resource.

Engico s.r.l., Engineering for Corrugated ♦ Italy, Lissone Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Xing Professional account login News General news Job-News Offers & Inquiries Fair news News blog Birkner products Business directory Company database Product search Merchants products Supplier search Regional search Terms of Use Free company entry Order and advertise Ordering products Order the professional access Advertise on paper-world.com Our Publishing house Login Glossary from A to Z Language Deutsch English Home Search Login Categories × Professional account login User name Password Login Forgot your password? Home > Business directory > Company database > Engico s.r.l., Engineering for Corrugated × Schließen Engico s.r.l., Engineering for Corrugated Company database Suppliers Europe › Italy › Lissone address Engico s.r.l., Engineering for Corrugated Via Adamello 3 20851 Lissone (Monza e della Brianza) +39 (039) 2457847 +39 (039) 461196 E-Mail Website Show map company data The following information is displayed if you have logged in as a professional user: Established Delivery program Products List of suppliers' products 59 - Paper and board converting machines 59.04 - Board converting machines 59.04.02 - Folding box glueing machines, folder gluers 59.07 - Paper and board converting machines, misc. 59.07.24 - Casemaker Selected Topnews from the Paper Industry 1 Birkner products Become a professional user on paper-world.com 2 Birkner products Gold Bundle - the marketing all-inclusive package for the paper industry 3 Birkner products Silver Bundle - the professional marketing package for the paper industry 4 Birkner products Bronze Bundle - the basic marketing package for the paper industry 5 Birkner products The book edition Birkner - International PaperWorld 6 Birkner products Advertorial for the News section Categories News Business directory Order and advertise Our Publishing house Login Glossary from A to Z Sitemap Social Media © 2004-2024 paper-world.com Contact Data Protection General terms and conditions Imprint Cookies Switch language German (Deutsch) English We use cookies and other technologies. We, Birkner GmbH & Co. KG, and our 126 partners use and process your data on our internet sites. To do this, we use methods that allow us to store and read information on your device. Some of these methods are technically essential, others are only used with your consent. This concerns both us and our partners, including those who are jointly responsible for data processing with us. They are used to personalize your website settings, generate statistics or display individual advertising. This includes data transfer to countries outside the EU, where a different data protection standard may be maintained. A click on Configure gives you the opportunity to agree to individual uses and to obtain further information about the data processing procedures. Clicking Decline only allows the use of technically necessary processes. By clicking Accept , you consent to the processing of data stored on your terminal device, such as personal identifiers or your IP address, in accordance with Section 25 (1) TTDSG and Art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR. In addition, you consent to the processing of your data by providers in the USA if this is used, in accordance with Art. 49 (1) GDPR. In this case, your data may be further processed by local authorities. For more information, in particular on the duration of cookie storage and your right to revoke your consent at any time with future effect, please see our privacy policy. By clicking on Accept , third-party vendors in the IAB TCF framework may collect and process the following: Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development , Store and/or access information on a device .
										 Some providers may use your personal data on the basis of their legitimate interest. You can object to this under Configure below. You give your consent only for this website. Configure Accept Imprint Privacy Policy Third parties Powered by CCM19 Please select policies to allow Withdraw consent to all Store and/or access information on a device
									(106) ? Cookies, device or similar online identifiers (e.g. login-based identifiers, randomly assigned identifiers, network based identifiers) together with other information (e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported technologies etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes presented here. Illustrations: Most purposes explained in this notice rely on the storage or accessing of information from your device when you use an app or visit a website. For example, a vendor or publisher might need to store a cookie on your device during your first visit on a website, to be able to recognise your device during your next visits (by accessing this cookie each time). Use limited data to select advertising
									(114) ? Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times an ad is presented to you). Illustrations: A car manufacturer wants to promote its electric vehicles to environmentally conscious users living in the city after office hours. The advertising is presented on a page with related content (such as an article on climate change actions) after 6:30 p.m. to users whose non-precise location suggests that they are in an urban zone. A large producer of watercolour paints wants to carry out an online advertising campaign for its latest watercolour range, diversifying its audience to reach as many amateur and professional artists as possible and avoiding showing the ad next to mismatched content (for instance, articles about how to paint your house). The number of times that the ad has been presented to you is detected and limited, to avoid presenting it too often. Create profiles for personalised advertising
									(73) ? Information about your activity on this service (such as forms you submit, content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information from your previous activity on this service and other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (that might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests by this and other entities. Illustrations: If you read several articles about the best bike accessories to buy, this information could be used to create a profile about your interest in bike accessories. Such a profile may be used or improved later on, on the same or a different website or app to present you with advertising for a particular bike accessory brand. If you also look at a configurator for a vehicle on a luxury car manufacturer website, this information could be combined with your interest in bikes to refine your profile and make an assumption that you are interested in luxury cycling gear. An apparel company wishes to promote its new line of high-end baby clothes. It gets in touch with an agency that has a network of clients with high income customers (such as high-end supermarkets) and asks the agency to create profiles of young parents or couples who can be assumed to be wealthy and to have a new child, so that these can later be used to present advertising within partner apps based on those profiles. Use profiles to select personalised advertising
									(75) ? Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on this service or other websites or apps (like the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects. Illustrations: An online retailer wants to advertise a limited sale on running shoes. It wants to target advertising to users who previously looked at running shoes on its mobile app. Tracking technologies might be used to recognise that you have previously used the mobile app to consult running shoes, in order to present you with the corresponding advertisement on the app. A profile created for personalised advertising in relation to a person having searched for bike accessories on a website can be used to present the relevant advertisement for bike accessories on a mobile app of another organisation. Create profiles to personalise content
									(15) ? Information about your activity on this service (for instance, forms you submit, non-advertising content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (such as your previous activity on this service or other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (which might for example include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present content that appears more relevant based on your possible interests, such as by adapting the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find content that matches your interests. Illustrations: You read several articles on how to build a treehouse on a social media platform. This information might be added to a profile to mark your interest in content related to outdoors as well as do-it-yourself guides (with the objective of allowing the personalisation of content, so that for example you are presented with more blog posts and articles on treehouses and wood cabins in the future). You have viewed three videos on space exploration across different TV apps. An unrelated news platform with which you have had no contact builds a profile based on that viewing behaviour, marking space exploration as a topic of possible interest for other videos. Use profiles to select personalised content
									(12) ? Content presented to you on this service can be based on your content personalisation profiles, which can reflect your activity on this or other services (for instance, the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects. This can for example be used to adapt the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find (non-advertising) content that matches your interests. Illustrations: You read articles on vegetarian food on a social media platform and then use the cooking app of an unrelated company. The profile built about you on the social media platform will be used to present you vegetarian recipes on the welcome screen of the cooking app. You have viewed three videos about rowing across different websites. An unrelated video sharing platform will recommend five other videos on rowing that may be of interest to you when you use your TV app, based on a profile built about you when you visited those different websites to watch online videos. Measure advertising performance
									(120) ? Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or visit a website, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns. Illustrations: You have clicked on an advertisement about a “black Friday” discount by an online shop on the website of a publisher and purchased a product. Your click will be linked to this purchase. Your interaction and that of other users will be measured to know how many clicks on the ad led to a purchase. You are one of very few to have clicked on an advertisement about an “international appreciation day” discount by an online gift shop within the app of a publisher. The publisher wants to have reports to understand how often a specific ad placement within the app, and notably the “international appreciation day” ad, has been viewed or clicked by you and other users, in order to help the publisher and its partners (such as agencies) optimise ad placements. Measure content performance
									(39) ? Information regarding which content is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine whether the (non-advertising) content e.g. reached its intended audience and matched your interests. For instance, whether you read an article, watch a video, listen to a podcast or look at a product description, how long you spent on this service and the web pages you visit etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of (non-advertising) content that is shown to you. Illustrations: You have read a blog post about hiking on a mobile app of a publisher and followed a link to a recommended and related post. Your interactions will be recorded as showing that the initial hiking post was useful to you and that it was successful in interesting you in the related post. This will be measured to know whether to produce more posts on hiking in the future and where to place them on the home screen of the mobile app. You were presented a video on fashion trends, but you and several other users stopped watching after 30 seconds. This information is then used to evaluate the right length of future videos on fashion trends. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
									(63) ? Reports can be generated based on the combination of data sets (like user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data) regarding your interactions and those of other users with advertising or (non-advertising) content to identify common characteristics (for instance, to determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents). Illustrations: The owner of an online bookstore wants commercial reporting showing the proportion of visitors who consulted and left its site without buying, or consulted and bought the last celebrity autobiography of the month, as well as the average age and the male/female distribution of each category. Data relating to your navigation on its site and to your personal characteristics is then used and combined with other such data to produce these statistics. An advertiser wants to better understand the type of audience interacting with its adverts. It calls upon a research institute to compare the characteristics of users who interacted with the ad with typical attributes of users of similar platforms, across different devices. This comparison reveals to the advertiser that its ad audience is mainly accessing the adverts through mobile devices and is likely in the 45-60 age range. Develop and improve services
									(84) ? Information about your activity on this service, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be very helpful to improve products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers. Illustrations: A technology platform working with a social media provider notices a growth in mobile app users, and sees based on their profiles that many of them are connecting through mobile connections. It uses a new technology to deliver ads that are formatted for mobile devices and that are low-bandwidth, to improve their performance. An advertiser is looking for a way to display ads on a new type of consumer device. It collects information regarding the way users interact with this new kind of device to determine whether it can build a new mechanism for displaying advertising on this type of device. Use limited data to select content
									(10) ? Content presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type, or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times a video or an article is presented to you). Illustrations: A travel magazine has published an article on its website about the new online courses proposed by a language school, to improve travelling experiences abroad. The school’s blog posts are inserted directly at the bottom of the page, and selected on the basis of your non-precise location (for instance, blog posts explaining the course curriculum for different languages than the language of the country you are situated in). A sports news mobile app has started a new section of articles covering the most recent football games. Each article includes videos hosted by a separate streaming platform showcasing the highlights of each match. If you fast-forward a video, this information may be used to select a shorter video to play next. Purposes not defined by IAB Technically neccessary
							(4) ? Measurement
							(2) ? Advertisements
							(1) ? Other
							(2) ? More information Third parties
								(119) ? Cancel Save Accept all ×

