GSR Technology Italy Home page Company Qualità Catalogo Prodotti Display Touch Solution Computing System Solution Memory Wireless Power Supply Salute e sicurezza Partner News Lavora con noi Contatti Il tuo Partner Globale Display and Touch Screen Technologies, Embedded Systems, Power Supply, Wireless Module and System Solutions. Display Touch Solution Computing System Solution Memory Wireless Power Supply Salute e sicurezza Un'azienda specializzata in soluzioni ad elevata tecnologia Nata nel 2010 a Lissone, provincia di Monza, GSR Technology Italy è un'azienda che fa dell'offerta di display LCD e sistemi integrati ad alto livello tecnologico la sua mission, grazie anche alla partnership con i migliori fornitori di soluzioni tecnologiche del mercato. Scopri di più Un'attenzione per le esigenze del cliente Non solo soluzioni di qualità elevata: GSR Technology Italy è all'avanguardia anche nella consulenza al cliente, dalle fasi iniziali dello sviluppo del prodotto fino ad arrivare all'integrazione dello stesso. Una politica di riguardo per la sostenibilità GSR Technology Italy considera fondamentale il rapporto tecnologia & ambiente, per questo adotta una politica di partnership con i fornitori basata sulla tracciabilità dei materiali e il rispetto degli standard di sostenibilità. GSR Technology Italy è design partner di Microchip Technology Leader nei semiconduttori e microcontrollori Microchip Technology è una fornitore leader nella produzioni di semiconduttori e microcontrollori . Con sede a Chandler, in Arizona, Microchip Technology offre un eccezionale supporto tecnico con consegne e qualità affidabili. Scopri tutti i partner Prodotti per lo sviluppo di sistemi integrati Scopri di più L'offerta di GSR Technology Italy comprende display: TFT , OLED , VFD , E-INK e display MONOCROMATICI , soluzioni Touch Screen , Wireless , Memorie , schede PC, Power Supply e System Solution . Tutti i prodotti di GSR Technology Italy sono caratterizzati da un design curato e moderno, interamente personalizzabile sulla base delle esigenze della clientela. Per la creazione di un sistema integrato rispondente ai più alti standard qualitativi, GSR Technology Italy vanta una scalabilità e flessibilità uniche con proposte standard , personalizzate e ODM . I costi contenuti e la presenza di un team professionale e con profonda conoscenza del mercato della tecnologia LCD fa di questa realtà un partner affidabile per relazioni commerciali di lunga durata. Display GSR Technology Italy è un distributore in grado di offrire  con la propria esperienza tecnica un supporto per lo sviluppo per  ogni  genere e grado di LCD , dalla progettazione alla produzione e con i più alti standard di qualità . Monocromatici display TFT display Open Frame TFT Solution O-LED display VFD display Led Display A/D Board ePaper Touch Solution GSR Technology Italy offre varie opzioni di touch screen , touch monitor , touch computer e altre soluzioni tattili personalizzate per tutti i settori di mercato anche per quelli più spinti come quello militare. Nuove tecnologie antibatteriche per i touchscreen PCT touchscreen Resistive touchscreen SAW touchscreen Infrared touchscreen iSurface touchscreen Computing Estro , genialità , competenza ed innovazione sono le parole chiavi per poter offrire un valore aggiunto  nella promozione dei prodotti Computing per i clienti i OEM & ODM . Panel PC Computer on Modules SYSTEM ON MUDULE SMARC Qseven SBC RISC platform Digital Player Panel PC IoT solutions System Solution Oggi GSR Technology Italy, in sinergia coi propri partner fornitori, al proprio team di ingegneri e alle loro competenze è in grado di offrire una soluzione di integrazione totale sia hardware che software; le nostre infrastrutture nazionali ed internazionali ci consentono di poter soddisfare e proporre soluzioni ad-hoc ai clienti. Memory I moduli di memoria che proponiamo  sono altamente compatibili con molti design e sistemi operativi. Affidabilità è la parola chiave dei prodotti offerti da GSR Technology Italy per la qualità dei prodotti richiesti nel mondo industriale e per l'uso quotidiano nella registrazione, archiviazione e condivisione dei dati . Le nostre offerte comprendono prodotti con " Data Protection Technology ", " SSD monitoring ", " Pre-Load Service ", Prevent data Loss Technology , " Waterproof and Dust proof technology ", " Gold Plating " e molto altro. Prodotti principali Applicazioni principali Wireless Nell'era digitale e dell’IoT essere sempre connessi è la chiave del successo . Per questo motivo GSR Technology Italy offre ai propri clienti un nutrito catalogo di prodotti per la connettività , come i sistemi wireless , Bluetooth Wi-Fi e GSM . Tutti i prodotti per la comunicazione senza fili di GSR Technology Italy rispondo ai più alti standard qualitativi di settore e sono prodotti con l'intento di fornire al cliente soluzioni intelligenti per il miglioramento della comunicazione e della produttività Power Supply GSR Technology Italy è in grado di offrire numerosi prodotti della categoria "Power Supply", a seguire un elenco di alcune tipologie di prodotto a disposizione: UPS Power System for EV Telecom Application CoC v5 tier2 Power Supply DoE Level VI Products High Altitude Products Battery charger Medical & Home Healthcare Power Supply O.E.M. Service Salute e sicurezza Con l'obiettivo di favorire lo svolgimento delle normali attività lavorative in sicurezza e salvaguardando allo stesso tempo la salute degli individui, GSR Technology Italy ha introdotto una nuova gamma di prodotti indispensabili per garantire il più alto livello di protezione e prevenzione . Sistemi con riconoscimento facciale e rilevamento della temperatura Termometro contactless a infrarossi Nuove tecnologie antibatteriche per i touchscreen Display Touch Solution Computing System Solution Memory Wireless Power Supply Salute e sicurezza Innovazione e Tecnologia GSR Technology Italy seleziona con cura i suoi partner per poter garantire qualità ed affidabilità. Area Riservata Accedi ai tuoi documenti privati Area Riservata Newsletter Ho letto ed accetto l' Informativa sulla Privacy . Company Identity Company Partner Contatti Prodotti Categorie Display Touch Solution Computing System Solution Memory Wireless Power Supply Salute e sicurezza Contatti Scrivici ora Tel +39 0362 1545399 Fax +39 0362 1542903 E-mail contact@gsr-technology.it Area Riservata Entra nel mondo GSR Technology Italy Una sezione privata, ricca di manteriale tecnico e informativo esclusivo. Accedi Copyright © 2019 | GSR Technology Italy srl | P.IVA 10060050969 Codice etico e di condotta professionale | Termini e condizioni | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy (Personalizza) Contatti Scrivici ora Tel +39 0362 1545399 Fax +39 0362 1542903 E-mail contact@gsr-technology.it Contattaci ora IT EN CN

GSR Technology Italy Home page Company Quality Catalog Products Display Touch Solution Computing System Solution Memory Wireless Power Supply Health & Safety Partner News Job opportunities Contacts Your global partner Display and Touch Screen Technologies, Embedded Systems, Power Supply, Wireless Module and System Solutions. Display Touch Solution Computing System Solution Memory Wireless Power Supply Health & Safety A COMPANY SPECIALIZING IN HIGH TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS Founded in 2010 in Lissone, in the province of Monza, GSR Technology Italy produces high-tech LCD displays and integrated systems, thanks also to its partnership with the leading suppliers of technological solutions. Find out more FOCUS ON CUSTOMER REQUIREMENTS More than just high-quality solutions: GSR Technology Italy also leads the way when it comes to listening and responding to its customers' needs and requirements, from the initial stages of product development through to the integration of the end product. COMMITMENT TO SUSTAINABILITY At GSR Technology Italy the relationship between technology and environment is of fundamental importance, which is why the company has adopted a policy of selecting its suppliers based on traceability of materials and compliance with sustainability standards. GSR TECHNOLOGY ITALY IS A MICROCHIP TECHNOLOGY DESIGN PARTNER Leader in the semiconductor and microcontroller sectors Microchip Technology is a leading supplier in the production of semiconductors and microcontrollers . Microchip Technology, whose headquarters are located in Chandler, Arizona, offers exceptional technical support and reliable delivery and quality. Discover all our partners Products for the development of integrated systems Find out more The range offered by GSR Technology Italy includes the following displays: TFT , OLED , VFD , E-INK and MONOCHROMATIC displays, Touch Screen , Wireless and Memory solutions , PC cards, Power Supply and System Solutions . All the GSR Technology Italy products feature carefully thought out modern designs, and can be fully customised to meet the needs of the customer. In the creation of an integrated system that meets the highest quality standards, GSR Technology Italy has the advantages of unique scalability and flexibility and can offer standard , customised and ODM solutions. The reasonable costs and the presence of a professional team with in-depth knowledge of the LCD technology market make this company a partner that you can depend upon for long term business relationships. Display As a distributor, GSR Technology Italy provides technical support for the development of every type and class of LCD , from the design stage right through to the production phase , while guaranteeing the highest quality standards . Monochrome displays TFT display Open Frame TFT Solution O-LED display VFD display Led Display A/D Board ePaper Touch Solution GSR Technology Italy offers various touch screen options, touch monitors , touch computers and other customized tactile solutions for all market sectors, even the most demanding areas, such as the defence sector. New antibacterial technologies for touchscreens PCT touchscreen Resistive touchscreen SAW touchscreen Infrared touchscreen iSurface touchscreen Computing Creativity, genius, competence and innovation represent the key concepts necessary when generating the added value required to promote Computing products for OEM & ODM customers. Panel PC Computer on Modules SYSTEM ON MUDULE SMARC Qseven SBC RISC platform Digital Player Panel PC IoT solutions System Solution Today, GSR Technology Italy, in symbiosis with its suppliers, its team of engineers and their skills, is able to offer total hardware and software integration solutions . Memory We provide memory modules that offer a high degree of compatibility with numerous designs and operating systems. Reliability is the key to the products offered by GSR Technology Italy for applications in the industrial world and for daily use in recording, storing and sharing data , where product quality is fundamentally important. Our offering includes products with " Data Protection Technology ", " SSD monitoring ", " Pre-Load Service ", Prevent data Loss Technology, " Waterproof and Dust proof technology ", " Gold Plating " and much more. Main products Main applications Wireless In the digital age and the world of the IoT, being connected at all times is the key to success . For this reason, GSR Technology Italy offers its customers a wide range of connectivity products , such as wireless , Bluetooth , Wi-Fi and GSM systems . All GSR Technology Italy wireless communication products meet the highest industry quality standards and are designed and built to provide the customer with intelligent solutions for improved communication and productivity Power Supply GSR Technology Italy offers several products of "Power Supply" category, below a list of the types of products available: UPS Power System for EV Telecom Application CoC v5 tier2 Power Supply DoE Level VI Products High Altitude Products Battery charger Medical & Home Healthcare Power Supply O.E.M. Service Health & Safety With the aim of encouraging the performance of normal working activities in safety and at the same time protecting people’s health, GSR Technology Italy has introduced a new range of essential products to guarantee the highest level of protection and prevention . Facial recognition and temperature detection system Contactless infrared thermometer Nuove tecnologie antibatteriche per i touchscreen Display Touch Solution Computing System Solution Memory Wireless Power Supply Health & Safety INNOVATION AND TECHNOLOGY GSR Technology Italy carefully selects its partners in order to guarantee quality and reliability. Reserved Area View your private documents Reserved Area Newsletter I have read and accept the Privacy Policy . Company Identity Company Partner Contacts Products Categories Display Touch Solution Computing System Solution Memory Wireless Power Supply Health & Safety Contacts Write to us now Tel +39 0362 1545399 Fax +39 0362 1542903 E-mail contact@gsr-technology.it Reserved Area Enter the GSR Technology Italy world A private area, with exclusive technical and informative documents. Login Copyright © 2018 | GSR Technology Italy srl | P.IVA 10060050969 Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct. | General terms and conditions of sale | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy (Customize) Contacts Write to us now Tel +39 0362 1545399 Fax +39 0362 1542903 E-mail contact@gsr-technology.it Contact us now IT EN CN Disclosure We use cookies, including those of third parties, to collect information on the use of our website by visitors as specified in the cookie policy . You can consent to the implementation of this policy by closing this disclosure window, interacting with a link or button outside of it, or continuing to browse elsewhere on the website. Reject Accept Learn more and personalise Tracking settings Cookie Policy This panel enables you to personalise your consent preferences in the use of cookies. We use these technologies to provide the functionality and perform the activities described below. For more information on how we use cookies, please see the cookie policy at informativa sui cookie . You can update your preferences at any time. Reject all Accept all Essential These tracking tools are essential to ensure the provision and proper operation of the requested service and, therefore, do not require your consent. Improving the experience These tracking tools enable simple interactions and features that improve the browsing experience and use of our website. They enable you to access certain resources of our service, making it easier for you to communicate with us and interact with external networks and platforms. Measurement These cookies enable us to quantify and monitor browsing trends on our website and analyse the origin of traffic in order to measure and improve our services. Targeting and Advertising These cookies enable us to provide you with personalised commercial content based on your behaviour and to manage, deliver and track advertisements. Save and continue Save and return Close

Company - GSR Technology Italy Home page Company Quality Catalog Products Display Touch Solution Computing System Solution Memory Wireless Power Supply Health & Safety Partner News Job opportunities Contacts Company Home page Company The identity of GSR Technology Italy GSR Technology Italy was founded in 2010 in Lissone, in the province of Monza, by a team of determined, creative individuals, motivated by a shared spirit of enterprise and initiative. Over the years, GSR Technology Italy has forged a strong rapport with its customers , offering high-tech products that have been designed and manufactured through the implementation of the latest technologies available in the LCD, touch, single board computer, wireless solution, ODM and much more. Today, thanks to a targeted human resources strategy and partnerships with the most important suppliers, the company is able to interpret its customer needs and develop tailor-made solutions in a short space of time. But the GSR Technology Italy mission is not limited to product development: the company's professionalism and experience are placed at our customers' disposal during the after sales phases, when we provide technical support and hardware/software integration services . In response to the current sensitivity in terms of respect for the environment, the company has established commercial relationships with suppliers who are able to demonstrate quality and sustainability of their manufacturing processes and the traceability of the materials they use. Our philosophy The GSR Technology Italy philosophy is based on a perfect symbiosis between teamwork and an in-depth understanding of the customer's needs. And it is precisely thanks to this symbiosis that GSR Technology Italy products represent a win-win situation for both customers and suppliers. Profit is not everything: GSR Technology Italy's main aim is to attain the highest possible quality , achieving balance and harmony among all the parties involved in the production process. Advantages Entering into a partnership with GSR Technology Italy means gaining access to a series of exclusive advantages. These include carefully selected suppliers, competitive prices and products designed to create integrated systems . Thanks to in-depth knowledge of the reference market and a focus on the latest trends in technology, since it was established, GSR Technology Italy has developed a structure capable of providing its customers with a competitive, flexible service, and accompanying them throughout the product selection, purchase and after-sales phases. History GSR Technology Italy was founded in Lissone, in the province of Monza, in 2010, and rapidly acquired a reputation as a point of reference for the LCD displays and integrated system solutions development and sales sector. 2010 Technological expansion Shortly after is foundation, GSR Technology Italy began to expand its range of LCD , OLED , E-INK and MONO products to include touch screen , wireless , memory and PC card solutions, and last, but not least, system solutions . 2013 Computing division In 2013, GSR Technology Italy opened its computing division, with the aim of providing its customers with the tools necessary to develop integrated solutions for COM, SOM and SBC modules. 2017 COMPLETE SOLUTIONS After seven years in the sector, GSR Technology Italy has developed the skills, know-how and experience to provide complete solutions capable of being integrated perfectly with its customers' products. Newsletter I have read and accept the Privacy Policy . The advantages of choosing GSR Technology Italy as a partner The presence of a stable team with a well-defined vision is the key to GSR Technology Italy's success. Thanks to a continuous desire for improvement in the response to the developing trends and needs of the digital market, over the last few years GSR Technology Italy has established itself as an extremely reliable business partner . The advantages of choosing GSR Technology Italy as a partner are closely linked to the company's philosophy, from the careful choice of its suppliers to its competitive prices , via an in-depth knowledge of the reference market. In fact, the GSR Technology Italy team makes every effort to remain up to date with developments in the sector in order to offer " bridge products " that are aimed not only at the electronics market, but also other at other sectors, such as the automotive, medical and even the defence industries. Naturally, all these factors are inextricably linked with continuous attention to the needs of the customer and the provision of pre- and post-sales service and consulting solutions . In the same way, the company's electronic components are highly customer oriented and their flexible structure means that they can be adapted to a wide range of customization requests and enhancements of the standard solutions. Choose GSR Technology Italy for your integrated system An integrated system, also known as an Embedded Solution, is an electronic system that includes both hardware and software components. GSR Technology Italy adopts a rigorous selection procedure when choosing suppliers for its high quality , high technology projects . Thus, the company's offer represents a win-win situation, that is to say a business relationship where the onus is on the benefits to both the suppliers and the customers, rather than corporate profit . The GSR Technology Italy commercial experience is completed by its consultancy service, which connects suppliers with customers throughout the product design and manufacturing processes , culminating in the introduction of the product into everyday use . Tell us about your project Contact us to tell us about your needs, GSR Technology Italy will tell you the right technologies to reach your goal. Contact us now Company Identity Company Partner Contacts Products Categories Display Touch Solution Computing System Solution Memory Wireless Power Supply Health & Safety Contacts Write to us now Tel +39 0362 1545399 Fax +39 0362 1542903 E-mail contact@gsr-technology.it Reserved Area Enter the GSR Technology Italy world A private area, with exclusive technical and informative documents. Login Copyright © 2018 | GSR Technology Italy srl | P.IVA 10060050969 Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct. | General terms and conditions of sale | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy (Customize) Contacts Write to us now Tel +39 0362 1545399 Fax +39 0362 1542903 E-mail contact@gsr-technology.it Contact us now IT EN CN Disclosure We use cookies, including those of third parties, to collect information on the use of our website by visitors as specified in the cookie policy . You can consent to the implementation of this policy by closing this disclosure window, interacting with a link or button outside of it, or continuing to browse elsewhere on the website. Reject Accept Learn more and personalise Tracking settings Cookie Policy This panel enables you to personalise your consent preferences in the use of cookies. We use these technologies to provide the functionality and perform the activities described below. For more information on how we use cookies, please see the cookie policy at informativa sui cookie . You can update your preferences at any time. Reject all Accept all Essential These tracking tools are essential to ensure the provision and proper operation of the requested service and, therefore, do not require your consent. Improving the experience These tracking tools enable simple interactions and features that improve the browsing experience and use of our website. They enable you to access certain resources of our service, making it easier for you to communicate with us and interact with external networks and platforms. Measurement These cookies enable us to quantify and monitor browsing trends on our website and analyse the origin of traffic in order to measure and improve our services. Targeting and Advertising These cookies enable us to provide you with personalised commercial content based on your behaviour and to manage, deliver and track advertisements. Save and continue Save and return Close

GSR TECHNOLOGY ITALY S.r.l.  | LinkedIn LinkedIn e terze parti utilizzano cookie essenziali e non essenziali per fornire, rendere sicuri, analizzare e migliorare i nostri servizi e per mostrarti annunci pertinenti (inclusi annunci professionali e offerte di lavoro ) su LinkedIn e altrove. Per saperne di più, consulta la nostra Informativa sui cookie . Seleziona “Accetta” per accettare o “Rifiuta” per rifiutare i cookie non essenziali per questo utilizzo. Puoi aggiornare le tue scelte in qualsiasi momento nelle impostazioni . Accetta Rifiuta Vai al contenuto principale LinkedIn Articoli Persone Learning Lavoro Iscriviti ora Accedi GSR TECHNOLOGY ITALY S.r.l. Commercio internazionale e sviluppo DESIO, MONZA E BRIANZA 261 follower IL TUO PARNER GLOBALE PER I DISPLAY E SOLUZIONI EMBEDDED Segui Visualizza tutti i dipendenti (13) Segnala azienda Chi siamo GSR Technology Italy nasce nel 2010 a Lissone, in provincia di Monza, da un team di individui determinati, creativi e con un grande spirito di intraprendenza ed iniziativa.

In questi anni di attività GSR Technology Italy ha sviluppato una forte attitudine al cliente con l'offerta di prodotti ad alto contenuto tecnologico e realizzati in base alle più moderne tecnologie nel settore dei display, touch, schede Pc per il mondo industriale, soluzioni  wireless, telecamere,  ODM e molto altro ancora. Oggi, grazie a una mirata strategia delle risorse umane e alla partnership  con  importanti produttori, l'azienda è in grado di interpretare le esigenze del cliente ed elaborare in breve tempo soluzioni su misura.

I prodotti che GSR Technology Italy è in grado di offrire include le seguenti tipologie di display: TFT, OLED, VFD, E-INK e display MONOCROMATICI, Touch Screen, Wireless e Memory solutions, PC cards, Power Supply, Embedded board e System Solutions. Tutti i prodotti di GSR Technology Italy sono caratterizzati da un design moderno e attentamente studiato, inoltre possono essere completamente personalizzati per soddisfare le esigenze dei nostri clienti.

Ma non ci limitiamo allo sviluppo del prodotto: la professionalità e l'esperienza dell'azienda sono messe a disposizione dei nostri clienti durante le fasi di post vendita, dove siamo in grado di fornire supporto tecnico e servizi di integrazione hardware / software. 

I prezzi competitivi e il nostro team di professionisti con una conoscenza approfondita del mercato della tecnologia LCD, fanno di questa azienda un partner su cui fare affidamento per rapporti commerciali a lungo termine. 

Non esitare a contattarci!

contact@gsr-technology.it Sito Web https://www.gsr-technology.it Link esterno per GSR TECHNOLOGY ITALY S.r.l. Settore Commercio internazionale e sviluppo Dimensioni dell’azienda 11-50 dipendenti Sede principale DESIO, MONZA E BRIANZA Tipo Società privata non quotata Data di fondazione 2010 Settori di competenza Embedded Solutions and Display Integration and Development Località Principale VIA LAVORATORI AUTOBIANCHI 1 strada 10 bldg 22 DESIO, MONZA E BRIANZA 20832, IT Ottieni indicazioni Dipendenti presso GSR TECHNOLOGY ITALY S.r.l. Alessio Montagnani Chief Technical Officer Salvatore Lapiccirella Senior Field Sales Engineer Daniel Schubert Director Sales and Marketing | GSR Technology Italy || Enabling Customers to add Value to their products reducing time to market, complexity and R&D… Massimo Spano Technical Sales Engineer presso GSR TECHNOLOGY ITALY S.r.l. Vedi tutti i dipendenti Aggiornamenti GSR TECHNOLOGY ITALY S.r.l. 261 follower 4 mesi Segnala post Consulta il nostro nuovo catalogo online con tutti i prodotti a portfolio, per ulteriori informazioni tecniche o commerciali non esitare a contattarci al contact@gsr-technology.it https://lnkd.in/d4THuncD Catalogo - GSR Technology Italy gsr-technology.it 5 Consiglia Commenta Condividi Iscriviti ora per vedere cosa ti stai perdendo Trova persone che conosci presso GSR TECHNOLOGY ITALY S.r.l. Sfoglia le offerte di lavoro consigliate per te Visualizza tutti gli aggiornamenti, le notizie e gli articoli Iscriviti ora Pagine simili GSR Technology Group Fabbricazione di apparecchi elettrici, materiali elettrici e componenti elettronici Champlan, Île-de-France GSR Technology Risorse umane GSR TECHNOLOGY EUROPE LTD Fabbricazione di apparecchi elettrici, materiali elettrici e componenti elettronici Witney, Oxfordshire T.O.P. srl Produzione di macchinari Giussano, Lombardia SECO Fabbricazione di hardware per computer Arezzo, Toscana STMicroelectronics Fabbricazione di semiconduttori Geneva, Switzerland PIEFFEMME SRL IN ABBREVIATO P.F.M. S.R.L. Produzione di macchinari DESIO, Mb Agena S.r.l. Fabbricazione di apparecchi elettrici, materiali elettrici e componenti elettronici Cesano Maderno, Milano (Lombardia) SACCHETTIFICIO LUIGI LISSONI S.R.L. Fabbricazione di carta e prodotti cartacei DESIO, Mb Soluzioni Plus Consulenza e servizi aziendali Mostra altre pagine simili Mostra meno pagine simili Sfoglia le offerte di lavoro Offerte di lavoro per “Account manager” 4.155 offerte di lavoro aperte LinkedIn © 2024 Informazioni Accessibilità Contratto di licenza Informativa sulla privacy Informativa sui cookie Informativa sul copyright Informativa sul brand Controlli ospite Linee guida della community العربية (Arabo) Čeština (Ceco) Dansk (Danese) Deutsch (Tedesco) English (Inglese) Español (Spagnolo) Français (Francese) हिंदी (Hindi) Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesiano) Italiano (Italiano) 日本語 (Giapponese) 한국어 (Coreano) Bahasa Malaysia (Malese) Nederlands (Olandese) Norsk (Norvegese) Polski (Polacco) Português (Portoghese) Română (Rumeno) Русский (Russo) Svenska (Svedese) ภาษาไทย (Tailandese) Tagalog (Tagalog) Türkçe (Turco) Українська (Ucraino) 简体中文 (Cinese (Semplificato)) 正體中文 (Cinese (Tradizionale)) Lingua Accetta e iscriviti a LinkedIn Cliccando su “Continua” per iscriverti o accedere, accetti il Contratto di licenza , l’ Informativa sulla privacy e l’ Informativa sui cookie di LinkedIn. Accedi per vedere chi già conosci GSR TECHNOLOGY ITALY S.r.l. Accedi Piacere di rivederti Email o telefono Password Mostra Hai dimenticato la password? Accedi oppure Cliccando su “Continua” per iscriverti o accedere, accetti il Contratto di licenza , l’ Informativa sulla privacy e l’ Informativa sui cookie di LinkedIn. Nuovo utente di LinkedIn? Iscriviti ora oppure Cliccando su “Continua” per iscriverti o accedere, accetti il Contratto di licenza , l’ Informativa sulla privacy e l’ Informativa sui cookie di LinkedIn. Nuovo utente di LinkedIn? Iscriviti ora

Contatti - GSR Technology Italy Home page Company Qualità Catalogo Prodotti Display Touch Solution Computing System Solution Memory Wireless Power Supply Salute e sicurezza Partner News Lavora con noi Contatti Contatti Home page Contatti Sede Via Lavoratori Autobianchi, 1 20832 Desio (MB) | Italia Telefono +39 0362 1545399 Fax +39 0362 1542903 Email contact@gsr-technology.it Parlaci del tuo progetto Contattaci per raccontarci delle tue necessità. GSR Technology Italy ti saprà indicare le giuste tecnologie per raggiungere il tuo obiettivo. Ragione sociale * Email * Telefono Reason for contact Info prodotti Preventivi Amministrazione Contatto commerciale Altro Info prodotti Messaggio * Desidero ricevere offerte e informazioni dall'azienda. Ho letto ed accetto l' Informativa sulla Privacy . Newsletter Ho letto ed accetto l' Informativa sulla Privacy . Company Identity Company Partner Contatti Prodotti Categorie Display Touch Solution Computing System Solution Memory Wireless Power Supply Salute e sicurezza Contatti Scrivici ora Tel +39 0362 1545399 Fax +39 0362 1542903 E-mail contact@gsr-technology.it Area Riservata Entra nel mondo GSR Technology Italy Una sezione privata, ricca di manteriale tecnico e informativo esclusivo. Accedi Copyright © 2019 | GSR Technology Italy srl | P.IVA 10060050969 Codice etico e di condotta professionale | Termini e condizioni | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy (Personalizza) Contatti Scrivici ora Tel +39 0362 1545399 Fax +39 0362 1542903 E-mail contact@gsr-technology.it Contattaci ora IT EN CN Informativa Utilizziamo i cookie, inclusi quelli di terze parti, per raccogliere informazioni sull’utilizzo del nostro sito web da parte dei visitatori come specificato nell' informativa sui cookie . Puoi acconsentirne l'utilizzo chiudendo questa informativa, interagendo con un link o un pulsante al di fuori di questa informativa o continuando a navigare in altro modo. Rifiuta Accetta Scopri di più e personalizza Impostazioni di tracciamento Cookie Policy Questo pannello ti consente di personalizzare le tue preferenze di consenso nell'utilizzo dei cookie. Utilizziamo queste tecnologie per offrire le funzionalità e svolgere le attività sotto descritte.  Per ulteriori informazioni sull'utilizzo dei cookie, sei invitato a prendere visione dell' informativa sui cookie . Puoi aggiornare le tue preferenze in ogni momento. Rifiuta tutto Accetta tutto Essenziali Questi strumenti di tracciamento sono essenziali per garantire il funzionamento corretto e la fornitura del servizio richiesto e, pertanto, non richiedono il tuo consenso. Miglioramento dell'esperienza Questi strumenti di tracciamento abilitano semplici interazioni e funzionalità che migliorano l'esperianza di navigazione e di utilizzo del nostro sito web. Ti permettono di accedere a determinate risorse del nostro servizio, ti consentono di comunicare più facilmente con noi e di interagire con network e piattaforme esterne. Misurazione Questi cookie ci consentono di quantificare e monitorare l'andamento delle visite e analizzare l’origine del traffico per poter misurare e migliorare i nostri servizi. Targeting e Pubblicità Questi cookie ci consentono di fornirti contenuti commerciali personalizzati in base al tuo comportamento e di gestire, fornire e tracciare annunci pubblicitari. Salva e continua Salva e torna indietro Chiudi

