KION RENTAL SERVICES S.P.A., Partita IVA: 12949870153, Fatturato, Dipendenti, PEC Servizi Gratuiti Listino API Blog FAQ Assistenza REGISTRATI E RISPARMIA Dashboard Profilo Ricarica credito Storico ricariche Storico Acquisti Invita un amico Scadenze Esci Ricarica credito Il tuo Credito attuale è di: Scegli il taglio di ricarica Ricarica (25.00 €) Ricarica (50.00 €) Ricarica (100.00 €) Ricarica (200.00 €) Ricarica (500.00 €) Ricarica (1,000.00 €) PROCEDI Area personale Ufficio Camerale Portale di Servizi alle Imprese close Visure Camerali VISURE CAMERALI Visura Camerale Ordinaria - Società di Capitali Visura Camerale Ordinaria - Imprese Individuali Bilancio Aziende Ottico Visura Camerale Storica - Società di Capitali Vedi Tutti VISURE PROTESTI Visura Protesti Persona Fisica Visura Protesti e Pregiudizievoli Società Visura Protesti Società Visura Protesti e Pregiudizievoli per Persone Fisiche Vedi Tutti Trova Dati Azienda GRATIS Ottieni Gratuitamente ed in tempo reale i dati di qualsiasi Impresa Italiana come Sede Legale, PEC, Fatturato, Utili Scopri di più Certificati CERTIFICATI CAMERALI Certificato Iscrizione Camera di Commercio Certificato di Vigenza Certificato Camerale Storico Certificato Camerale Artigiano Vedi Tutti ALTRI CERTIFICATI DURC Online Vedi Tutti DURC Ricorrente Vuoi avere il DURC sempre aggiornato e valido per 1 anno? Scopri la Soluzione DURC in Abbonamento Scopri di più Marche Temporali ARUBA 20 Marche Temporali Aruba 100 Marche Temporali Aruba 250 Marche Temporali Aruba 500 Marche Temporali Aruba Vedi Tutti INFOCERT 100 Marche Temporali InfoCert 1.000 Marche Temporali InfoCert 500 Marche Temporali InfoCert 250 Marche Temporali InfoCert Vedi Tutti Marcatura Temporale API Connetti il sistema di Marcatura Temporale a norma di legge direttamente dal tuo gestionale o progetto web tramite API Scopri di più Firma Digitale ARUBA Smart Card CNS Aruba Rinnovo Firma Digitale Aruba Key CNS Aruba Key CNS Video Riconoscimento Aruba Vedi Tutti INFOCERT Business Key InfoCert Firma Remota InfoCert Rinnovo Firma InfoCert Kit Firma Digitale Vedi Tutti Firma Elettronica API Integra la firma elettronica a qualsiasi tipologia di piattaforma tramite API e rendi immediata la firma dei documenti. Scopri di più Fatturazione Elettronica Software Rinnovo Legalinvoice Start Legalinvoice GO Rinnovo Legalinvoice PRO Legalinvoice Start Vedi Tutti Fatture Fatture Extra Legalinvoice Start e Pro Fatture Extra Legalinvoice GO Vedi Tutti Fattura Elettronica via API Gestisci l'intero processo di Fatturazione Elettronica, attivo e passivo, con opzione Conservazione a Norma e Firma direttamente via API Scopri di più Recupero Crediti Persona Fisica Visura Centrale Rischi Persona Giuridica Visura CRIF Persona Fisica Visura Experian Rintraccio Anagrafico e Referenze Bancarie Persona Fisica Vedi Tutti Persona Giuridica Visura CRIF Persona Giuridica Rintraccio Anagrafico e Referenze Bancarie Persona Giuridica Relazione Investigativa per il Recupero Credito per Persona Giuridica Vedi Tutti Raccomandate API Invia Raccomandate, anche massive, a validità legale con Poste Italiane direttamente dal tuo software o gestionale tramite API Scopri di più PEC Legalmail Infocert Rinnovo Legalmail PEC Rinnovo Domicilio Digitale PEC PEC Legalmail Standard Trasferimento PEC Legalmail Vedi Tutti Servizi Comunicazione PEC alla Camera di Commercio Vedi Tutti PEC MASSIVA tramite API Invia Messaggi PEC in modo massivo, sicuro e secondo normativa AGID, direttamente via API. Scopri di più Servizi Gratuiti Listino API Blog FAQ Assistenza REGISTRATI E RISPARMIA Home / KION RENTAL SERVICES S.P.A. DATI DELLA SOCIETÀ - KION RENTAL SERVICES S.P.A. Partita IVA: 12949870153 -
Codice Fiscale: 12949870153 Rag. Sociale: KION RENTAL SERVICES S.P.A. Indirizzo: VIA VITTOR PISANI 20 - 20124 - MILANO (MI) Rea: 1600184 PEC: krs@pec.kion-rental-services.it Fatturato: € 181.428.461,00 (2022) ACQUISTA BILANCIO Dipendenti : 25 (2024) Forma giuridica: SOCIETA' PER AZIONI Data Iscrizione: 08/11/1999 Ateco: Noleggio senza operatore di attrezzature di sollevamento e movimentazione merci: carrelli elevatori, pallet eccetera Cod. Ateco: 773993 Utile: € 5.807.936,00 (2022) Capitale sociale: € 5.849.000,00 (2024) Procedure e Pregiudizievoli ACQUISTA VISURA Camera di commercio: MI Codice destinatario: JX8OYTO [ + SCOPRI altre info della società ] [ - RIDUCI info della società ] + − ⇧ © OpenStreetMap contributors. » Opzioni disponibili 2 SP 1 0 1.1.2 Le informazioni fornite sono costantemente aggiornate da fonti ufficiali in conformità con il codice di condotta per le informazioni commerciali. Se desideri segnalare errori contattaci tramite l'apposito form . Se desideri offuscare parte delle informazioni (es. indirizzo sede legale) procedi con il form seguente . Il form può essere compilato unicamente dal titolare della persona giuridica interessata. RIEPILOGO Totale
Ordine € 0,00 Termina
acquisto Tabella Rinnovi PEC MePA Corso RAO Certificazioni Redazione Mappa Sito Tabella Rinnovi PEC MePA Corso RAO Certificazioni Redazione Mappa Sito Carbon free energy for Our Cloud Low CO 2 © 2023 Openapi SpA Unipersonale - Società sottoposta a direzione e controllo della Open Holding Srl Viale Filippo Tommaso Marinetti 221 - 00143 Roma REA 1378273 Cap. Soc. € 50.000,00 i.v. – P.I. IT12485671007 - CODICE DESTINATARIO 'USAL8PV' Azienda con sistema qualità Accredia certificato da Istituto Giordano – UNI EN ISO 9001:2015 Openapi è azienda certificata per la qualità dei dati - ISO 25012:2014 Tutti i prezzi sono da considerarsi al netto di eventuale IVA, eventuali imposte di bollo, diritti di segreteria e/o imposte o tasse altrimenti denominate se dovute. Tutti i loghi elencati nel portale sono coperti da copyright e di proprietà dei rispettivi proprietari. Diritto di recesso Politiche per la qualità Condizioni di utilizzo Condizioni Contrattuali GDPR OPENAPI Privacy policy Privacy A.N.C.I.C. Privacy Info Commerciali Certificazioni, licenze e Membership Questo sito utilizza cookie tecnici, analytics e di terze parti. Proseguendo nella navigazione accetti l’utilizzo dei cookie. Preferenze cookies Accetto i cookies

403 Forbidden Forbidden You don't have permission to access this resource.

403 Forbidden Forbidden You don't have permission to access this resource.

KION RENTAL SERVICES S.P.A. | LinkedIn LinkedIn e terze parti utilizzano cookie essenziali e non essenziali per fornire, rendere sicuri, analizzare e migliorare i nostri servizi e per mostrarti annunci pertinenti (inclusi annunci professionali e offerte di lavoro ) su LinkedIn e altrove. Per saperne di più, consulta la nostra Informativa sui cookie . Seleziona “Accetta” per accettare o “Rifiuta” per rifiutare i cookie non essenziali per questo utilizzo. Puoi aggiornare le tue scelte in qualsiasi momento nelle impostazioni . Accetta Rifiuta Vai al contenuto principale LinkedIn Articoli Persone Learning Lavoro Iscriviti ora Accedi KION RENTAL SERVICES S.P.A. Produzione di macchinari MILANO, Mi 12 follower Segui Segnala azienda Chi siamo ATTIVITA : LA SOCIETA  HA INIZIATO L ATTIVITA  DI: NOLEGGIO DI CARRELLI ELEVATORI. Settore Produzione di macchinari Dimensioni dell’azienda 11-50 dipendenti Sede principale MILANO, Mi Località VIA VITTOR PISANI 20 MILANO, Mi 20124, IT Ottieni indicazioni Pagine simili KION Group Produzione di macchinari Frankfurt/Main, Hessen KION RENTAL SERVICES SPA Produzione di macchinari Milan, Lombardy LOCAUTO RENT S.P.A. Tempo libero, viaggi e turismo MILANO, Mi LineArgent Vendita al dettaglio di beni di lusso e gioielli Vic, Barcelona KION Financial Services Sweden AB Servizi finanziari Örebro, Orebro County MEC-CARNI - S.P.A. Fabbricazione di prodotti alimentari e bevande MARCARIA, Mn Unaloe Vendita al dettaglio di beni di lusso e gioielli Marcianise , Caserta Vibieffe Fabbricazione di mobili e arredi per la casa Lissone, MB FARO CARRELLI ELEVATORI S.P.A. Produzione di macchinari Vanzaghello, Mi Ceccotti Collezioni Fabbricazione di mobili e arredi per la casa CASCINA, Pi Mostra altre pagine simili Mostra meno pagine simili Sfoglia le offerte di lavoro Offerte di lavoro per “Senior software engineer” 1.540 offerte di lavoro aperte Offerte di lavoro per “Software Engineer” 10.922 offerte di lavoro aperte LinkedIn © 2024 Informazioni Accessibilità Contratto di licenza Informativa sulla privacy Informativa sui cookie Informativa sul copyright Informativa sul brand Controlli ospite Linee guida della community العربية (Arabo) Čeština (Ceco) Dansk (Danese) Deutsch (Tedesco) English (Inglese) Español (Spagnolo) Français (Francese) हिंदी (Hindi) Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesiano) Italiano (Italiano) 日本語 (Giapponese) 한국어 (Coreano) Bahasa Malaysia (Malese) Nederlands (Olandese) Norsk (Norvegese) Polski (Polacco) Português (Portoghese) Română (Rumeno) Русский (Russo) Svenska (Svedese) ภาษาไทย (Tailandese) Tagalog (Tagalog) Türkçe (Turco) Українська (Ucraino) 简体中文 (Cinese (Semplificato)) 正體中文 (Cinese (Tradizionale)) Lingua Accetta e iscriviti a LinkedIn Cliccando su “Continua” per iscriverti o accedere, accetti il Contratto di licenza , l’ Informativa sulla privacy e l’ Informativa sui cookie di LinkedIn. Accedi per vedere chi già conosci KION RENTAL SERVICES S.P.A. Accedi Piacere di rivederti Email o telefono Password Mostra Hai dimenticato la password? Accedi oppure Cliccando su “Continua” per iscriverti o accedere, accetti il Contratto di licenza , l’ Informativa sulla privacy e l’ Informativa sui cookie di LinkedIn. Nuovo utente di LinkedIn? Iscriviti ora oppure Cliccando su “Continua” per iscriverti o accedere, accetti il Contratto di licenza , l’ Informativa sulla privacy e l’ Informativa sui cookie di LinkedIn. Nuovo utente di LinkedIn? Iscriviti ora

Our company | KION GROUP AG Switch language English German (Deutsch) We use cookies and other technologies. This website uses cookies and similar functions to process end device information and personal data. The processing serves the integration of content, external services and elements of third parties, statistical analysis/measurement, personalized advertising and the integration of social media. Depending on the function, data may be passed on to third parties in the process and to third parties in countries where there is no adequate level of data protection and is processed by them, e.g. the USA. Your consent is always voluntary, not required for the use of our website and can be rejected or revoked at any time on our site. You give your consent for all websites of KION GROUP AG . Settings Decline Accept everything Imprint Data protection notice Powered by CCM19 Please select guidelines to be admitted Technically necessary
							(4) ? Here you can find all technically necessary scripts, cookies and other elements that are necessary for the operation of the website or the operator has a legitimate interest according to DSGVO Art6, para. 1. Advertisements / Ads
							(3) ? Google Ads and various other ads providers are used whose conversion tracking is integrated here. If you agree here, personal data will be transferred to the ads providers. Social media
							(1) ? All social media channels used by the current page are listed here. Other
							(1) ? Here you can find other scripts and cookies that do not fit into any of the above categories. Cancel Save Dark Mode +49 69 20 110 0 back Press KION World KION International KION Website 中文 KION South America KION North America KION South Asia KION India KION Stribro KION Services KION Battery Systems KION Business Services Polska KION Warehouse Systems DE EN About us Insights KION at a glance Management Locations Cooperations Strategy Strategy & Values Warehouse of the Future Sustainability Partner Suppliers Compliance Corporate Presentation News & Stories News Stories Press Releases Contacts Media Center Social Media Media Center Sustainability Investor Relations Facts & Figures Investment Highlights Share Key Figures Capital Increase Contact Events & Publications Publications Financial News Financial Calendar Shareholders Meeting Refinancing Refinancing Information on Q1 2024 Interim Statement Q1 2024 (Online version) Interim statement Q1 2024 Download page Presentation Q1 2024 Press Release Q1 2024 Careers Our Jobs Working at KION Job Opportunities Starting at KION Trainee Apprenticeships Information Application and HR Contact Fraudulent Job Ads Our trainee program Search trends Annual Report Sustainability Job Opportunities Values Dark Mode +49 69 20 110 0 Press KION World KION International KION Website 中文 KION South America KION North America KION South Asia KION India KION Stribro KION Services KION Battery Systems KION Business Services Polska KION Warehouse Systems DE EN Search trends Annual Report Sustainability Job Opportunities Values Portfolio Portfolio Brands Brands Regional Companies Regional Companies Corporate Services Corporate Services Milestones Milestones Open navigation KION Group About us KION at a glance KION at a glance The rapid growth of e-commerce is one of the drivers of the world economy and our business. Global value chains and supply chains require considerable capital expenditure on warehousing and logistics. Automated supply chain solutions are becoming increasingly important since in many sectors efficient intralogistics are now a decisive factor in a company’s competitiveness. More than 0 Employees Approx. 0 million EUR Revenue More than 0 million Industrial Trucks Discover KION We currently have more than 42,000 employees and generated revenue of approx. € 11.4 billion in the 2023 financial year. At the end of 2023, more than 1.8 million forklift trucks and warehouse equipment of us were in use by customers from all manner of sectors and of varying sizes on six continents. Our solutions ensure the smooth flow of materials and information in customers’ warehouses, production plants, and distribution centers in over 100 countries . We are one of the world’s leading providers of forklift trucks and warehouse equipment as well as supply chain solutions . We are the largest manufacturer of industrial trucks in the EMEA region (based on the number of units sold in 2022). We are also one of the world’s leading warehouse automation providers (based on 2022 revenue). Key figures at the Online Annual Report Key figures for 2023 Business situation and financial performance of the segments We shape intralogistics: The AI platform of the future Our Portfolio Material handling solutions to match every customer Our full spectrum of services includes forklift trucks and warehouse equipment , as well as integrated automation technologies and software solutions for the optimization of supply chains - including all related services. Automated storage and retrieval system (ASRS) and High-Bay Warehouse Play video Automated miniloads Play video Multishuttle warehouse Play video Reach trucks Play video Goods-to-person picking Play video Pallettizing system Play video Conveyor system Play video Very narrow aisle (VNA) trucks Play video E-trucks Play video Put system Play video Circular sorting system Play video Tugger trains Play video Warehouse trucks Play video Automated guided vehicles (AGV) Play video Internal combustion trucks (IC) Play video back Industrial Trucks & Services Supply Chain Solutions Driving the transformation of intralogistics to emission free warehouses Our brands Market leaders Linde Material Handling Linde Material Handling is one of the world’s leading manufacturers of forklifts and warehouse trucks. A technology pioneer, it offers a wide range of industrial trucks, driver assistance systems, fleet management and comprehensive service options. Linde Material Handling started in 1904 as Güldner Motoren-Gesellschaft. In France the Linde products and services are sold under the well-known Fenwick brand. Product portfolio Electric, fuel cell and conventionally powered trucks, Warehouse trucks, Hand pallet trucks, Fleet management software, Automation solutions, Driver assistance systems, Financing and leasing solutions, Operator training, A wide range of services for industrial trucks. Visit Linde Material Handling's international website STILL STILL , a manufacturer of forklift trucks, warehouse trucks and intralogistics systems, has been a leading innovator for decades and has a focus on the European and Brazilian markets. STILL was founded in Hamburg (Germany) in 1920 . Product portfolio Electric, fuel cell and conventionally powered trucks, Warehouse trucks and customized services, Complete warehouse systems, Automation and fleet management solutions. Visit STILL's international website Dematic Dematic is the global leader in innovative, integrated supply chain automation technologies, software and services. Dematic started in 1819 as Mechanische Werkstätten Harkort & Co. and is part of the KION Group since 2016. Product portfolio Intelligent software, Conveyor systems, Sorters, Automated guided vehicle systems, Automated warehouse systems, Light- and voice-controlled order processing, Automated palletizers, Comprehensive customer service. Visit Dematic's international website Find out more Baoli Baoli is our global brand for forklift trucks in the value segment and offers its customers a wide range of forklift trucks as well as warehouse equipment and related services. Baoli trucks combine European development and engineering expertise with a cost-efficient production base in China. Baoli provides customers with reliable, easy-to-use and easy-to-maintain trucks for their day-to-day operations. Baoli started in 2003 and is part of the KION Group since 2009. Product portfolio Forklift trucks with electric, Li-ion, Diesel and Gas drives with a load capacity from 1 ton to 32 tons. Warehouse equipment. Related services. Visit Baoli's EMEA website Visit Baoli's international website Fenwick (by Linde Material Handling) In France the products and services of Linde Material Handling are sold under the well-known Fenwick brand. Linde Material Handling is one of the world’s leading manufacturers of forklifts and warehouse trucks. A technology pioneer, it offers a wide range of industrial trucks, driver assistance systems, fleet management and comprehensive service options. Linde Material Handling started in 1904 as Güldner Motoren-Gesellschaft. Product portfolio Electric, fuel cell and conventionally powered trucks, Warehouse trucks, Hand pallet trucks, Fleet management software, Automation solutions, Driver assistance systems, Financing and leasing solutions, Operator training, A wide range of services for industrial trucks. Visit Linde Material Handling's international website OM OM combines the strengths of the former Indian forklift truck brand 'Voltas' and the long-established Italian brand 'OM'. In the Indian market, the OM brand is one of the leading suppliers of forklift trucks and warehouse equipment, aiming different customer segments. OM is based on European engineering expertise and continuous improvements by the R&D center of KION India . OM was building automobiles in Brescia (Italy), from 1917. OM was also manufacturing forklifts and warehouse equipment in Luzzara (Italy), from 1951. Voltas Material Handling has been part of the KION Group since 2011. The ‘OM Voltas’ co-branding was introduced in 2017, and since 2020 our products made in India are offered under the OM brand. Product portfolio Forklift trucks with internal combustion engines with a load capacity ranging from 1.5 to 16 tons, Electric Forklift trucks with a load capacity ranging from 1.5 to 3.5 tons, Warehouse equipment. Visit OM's website in India Our Regional Companies Close to our customers KION North America We operate a sales, service and production facility in the US city of Summerville in South Carolina. It serves the North American market (US, Canada, Mexico). KION North America was established to meet the demands of the growing North American market. To increase market share, KION North America has created a product portfolio specifically tailored to meet US market demands. The Summerville site exclusively produces trucks for Linde Material Handling; however, industrial trucks from Linde and Baoli are also available for the North American market. KION North America website KION South America We also have a sales, service and production facility in South America. Located in Indaiatuba, Brazil, KION South America manufactures STILL and Linde trucks for the Brazilian and South American markets. Not far from São Paulo, KION South America continues to expand its reach of its sales and service network and parts supply, allowing it to ensure its position throughout South America. KION South America landing page KION India The KION Group has had a presence in India, an important growth market, since 2011. KION India has been the country’s leading industrial truck and warehouse technology vendor since 2016. In addition to the OM products, KION India also sells industrial trucks, warehouse technology and services from KION brands like Baoli and Linde, allowing the Group to serve the premium, value and economy segments. In 2019 KION India has launched its new plant in Pune, Maharashtra – India's largest production facility for intralogistics equipment. Diesel and electric forklifts as well as battery-powered lift trucks and reach trucks are manufactured in the ultra-modern plant. The new plant is equipped with a total of three assembly lines including a paint shop, parts warehouse and an R&D center, where the constantly changing requirements and trends of the Indian market are to be evaluated and corresponding future products developed. KION India has a countrywide sales and service network consisting of over 40 locations and dealerships with over 100 sales outlets. KION India is also launching automated supply chain solutions from KION brand Dematic on the market. KION India landing page KION South Asia KION South Asia has been operating from Singapore since 2012 as a central sales hub, spare parts warehouse, product and technical support centre as well as a shared services center for the important South, East and Southeast Asian growth market. The focus of its activities is centred around the forklift trucks brands, namely Linde, STILL and Baoli, as part of the KION Group multi-brand strategy. Through its direct and dealer sales and service network, KION South Asia covers Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Brunei, Cambodia, East Timor, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Laos, Macau, Malaysia, Maldives, Myanmar, Nepal, New Caledonia, Papua New Guinea, Pakistan, Philippines, Singapore, South Korea, Sri Lanka, Taiwan, Thailand and Vietnam. KION South Asia landing page KION Innovations Our Corporate Services Solutions from a single source KION Group IT KION Group IT is a global team of experts working in a number of sites in Germany, UK, France, Italy, US and China. We work to steer the KION Group through the constantly changing technology landscape, bringing our extensive knowledge in digitalization, agile and classic project management and SAP. The globally organized unit provides cutting-edge IT services, ensuring the highest levels of business excellence across the KION Group. The IT experts translate the trends that others are still just talking about – such as DevOps – into solutions for our business partners. We also ensure the efficiency of the operational processes of more than 35,000 KION Group employees around the world. They support them with cutting-edge technology – enabling each and every one of them to contribute to the company's success. There are 600 of us at 54 locations around the world, working on a wide range of IT projects. Whether it's Microsoft Office 365, Azure Cloud, Java, or SAP S 4/Hana: Our professionals in KION Group IT are experts in their field – and giving our all to every individual project is a point of honor for them. See job opportunities for KION Group IT KION Financial Services KION Financial Services meets the growing demand for made-to-measure financing solutions. Our financial service activities fulfil an important interface and service function. They are a key sales and customer retention tool, including the leasing business, which is part of sales financing, and the funding of short-term rental fleets. Separate financial services companies are deployed in the key markets of Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Sweden, and the UK. KION Financial Services is known as KION Rental Services in Italy and Spain. KION IOT Systems KION IoT Systems , based in Wangen (Germany), develops new digital applications for the Internet of Things (IoT). The aim of its research and development work is to improve the connectivity of our brand companies’ products. Its task is to predict and meet customer expectations, including networking our products or making performance data available in real time and in a format that is easy to understand. The KION Cloud serves as an intelligent interface allowing service technicians to connect with warehouse trucks and other systems to ensure a smooth maintenenance check. Additionally, our IoT experts develop a range of user applications and embedded software for a variety of platforms and specifcations for made-to-measure hardware components. The KION IoT Systems team works closely with other KION Group teams across the globe and acts as our center of excellence for the Internet of Things (IoT). KION Business Services Polska KION Business Services Polska is our Center of Excellence for Finance & Accounting Services and is located in Krakow, Poland. Key accounting tasks that were previously spread across various organizations at the KION Group's European locations are pooled at KION Business Services Polska. The experts are experienced in many areas including standardization and lean management, digital solutions implementation and robotic process automation. The Krakow office was launched in October 2013. In 2020 we acquired the Center of Excellence with roughly 240 professionals. KION Business Services Polska landing page Our milestones: A look back over our history From the outset, our brands have been setting benchmarks and shaping our customers’ industries. Our combined history dates back to 1819 , representing 200 years of deepening expertise and the continual use of innovative products and solutions, offering our customers scope for new business models. The ability to give customers the decisive competitive edge forms the basis for the successful future of our Group. We keep the world moving. In 2006 , companies which were among the best and most innovative in the industry were brought together under one roof when the KION Group was established . Our objective was to become a leading innovator and provider of fully integrated solutions , offering exceptional added value to our global customers. We set the benchmark for an effective flow of materials and goods in the global economy of the 21st Century. 2023 2021 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2017 2016 2015 2015 2014 2013 2012 2012 2011 2009 2006 Our own fuel cell systems for industrial trucks We have developed a 24-volt fuel cell system for warehouse trucks . Up to 5,000 fuel cell systems per year can be manufactured on the new production line at the Hamburg plant. A 48-volt system is to be added to the fuel cell portfolio in the next years. New plant in China New plant in Poland Start of production at new plant in Jinan (China) In the Chinese city of Jinan (Shandong Province), we inaugurate a plant for counterbalanced trucks with which we intend to significantly expand our product portfolio in order to exploit growth opportunities in the value segment. On an area of almost 223,000 m² (= more than 31 soccer pitches), we have also set up a research and development center, a training center and an administrative area at the KION Jinan plant. New plant in China New plant in Poland Start of production at new plant in Kołbaskowo (Poland) We have opened a cutting-edge counterbalance truck plant in the Polish town of Kołbaskowo (near Szczecin) and have invested a total of around €80 million in the new plant. KION Polska adds to our existing European-wide production sites and will focus on products for customers in the EMEA region with less demanding applications. Acquisition of Digital Applications International We acquire UK software company ' Digital Applications International ' (DAI), which specializes in logistics applications. DAI expands Dematic’s software portfolio, we gain specialist knowledge of logistics automation and supply chain engineering. KION expands in India With the extension of our Indian site in Pune, KION India , with a capital expenditure of €15 million, we are not only inceasing our production capacity, but we are also paving the way for the expansion of Dematic's innovative supply chain solutions in the Indian market. KION focuses on digitalization We are regarded as a digital pioneer in our sector. We open the first KION Digital Campus in Frankfurt. New Headquarters KION 2027 We manage our global business from Frankfurt am Main now We start a new chapter with the opening of our new offices near Frankfurt airport . The commercial hub with its excellent infrastructure offers everything we need as a global business. New Headquarters KION 2027 KION formulates the KION 2027 strategy We define our path toward further growth through our KION 2027 strategy. The key areas of action are digitalization, automation, efficient energy use, innovation, and performance. Acquisition of Dematic The acquisition of Dematic enables us to establish a second segment and become a leading global provider of supply chain solutions. Dematic is the leading specialist in automation, supply chain optimization, and warehouse software. Acquisition of Egemin Automation Re-positioning Investment in system solutions and automation We acquire the Belgian company Egemin Automation , and we strengthen our warehouse systems expertise in North America with the acquisition of Retrotech. Systems solutions and warehouse automation are the key to our future growth. Acquisition of Egemin Automation Re-positioning KION North America presents new product portfolio Linde Material Handling North America becomes KION North America . The company completely redesigns its product portfolio in line with the requirements of the North American market (USA, Canada, and Mexico). KION India opens up the Indian market Voltas Material Handling becomes KION India and expands its brand offering. In addition to manufacturing and selling products bearing the OM and OM Voltas brand names, KION India now also sells industrial trucks, warehouse technology, and services under the Baoli and Linde brands. KION Group launches IPO We make our debut on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange on June 28, 2013. Our stock is listed on Deutsche Börse’s MDAX in 2014. The capital market is impressed by the Group’s performance and outlook for the future. KION South America New anchor investor KION expands in South America A new facility for the manufacture of forklift trucks and warehouse trucks is established in Indaiatuba (Brazil). KION South America represents an important step toward taking an even greater share of the Central and South American markets. KION South America New anchor investor Anchor investor for the KION Group Weichai Power invests in KION Group and becomes another anchor investor. Our new partner acquires an initial 25 per cent stake and ensures even better access to the Chinese market. Founding of Voltas Material Handling We establish Voltas Material Handling as an Indian joint venture for forklift trucks and warehouse trucks. Voltas focuses on selling its products on the Indian volume market. Founding of Baoli as a joint venture We play a key role in establishing the Chinese joint venture KION Baoli (Jiangsu) Forklift Co., Ltd. under the umbrella of the KION Group. The new Baoli brand initially produces and sells forklift trucks in the value segment on the Asian market, and later on all over the world. Baoli becomes a full member of the KION Group in 2011. The beginnings of the KION Group Linde AG brings together its truck business with the brands Linde, STILL, and OM under the umbrella of the KION Group . Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. and Goldman Sachs Capital Partners acquire the multi-brand group. Company Information Corporate Presentation Download PDF Download Sustainability Why sustainable practices are a basis for our success. more Management Executive and Supervisory Board of KION GROUP AG. more Our Stories Read our exciting stories about Digitalization, Automation, Innovation, Sustainability and more. more Follow us on: Members of KION Group Terms of Use Privacy Statement Legal Notice Sitemap Cookie Settings Copyright © 2024 KION GROUP AG

