Mapei - adesivi, sigillanti, prodotti chimici per l'edilizia Powered by Cookiebot Consent Details [#IABV2SETTINGS#] About This website uses cookies On this website cookies and other tracking tools that collect information from your device are used. In addition to technical cookies, which are strictly necessary for the operation of this website, aggregate analytics cookies are used. Subject to your consent, analytics and statistics cookies, functionality cookies and marketing and profiling cookies (including social media cookies), which may also allow tracking of your activities across multiple devices (cross-device), are also used. You can click on "Allow all" to accept all the cookie categories or decide which cookies and technologies to accept by clicking on "Customize". If you simply close this banner, reject cookies, or continue browsing, only technical and aggregated analytics cookies will be installed. For more details, please see our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy sections on the website footer. Consent Selection Cookie List Technical and aggregated analytics Functionality Analytics and statistics Marketing and profiling Show details Cookie List Technical and aggregated analytics 41 Technical cookies help us to make a website useful by enabling basic functions such as page navigation, setting privacy preferences and accessing or filling in forms. The website may not work correctly without technical cookies. Moreover, aggregated analytics cookies enable us to count visits and traffic sources so that we can measure and improve the performance of our website. They also help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and to see how visitors move around the site.  Aggregated analyses performed on visits never present information from which your identity can be traced. Bimobject 2 Learn more about this provider cf_clearance This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP ASP.NET_SessionId Preserves the visitor's session state across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider 1.gif Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Google 6 Learn more about this provider test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML _gat Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _gid Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _set_cookie This cookie determines whether the browser accepts cookies. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel JotForm 1 Learn more about this provider JOTFORM_SESSION Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP bscookie This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Mapei 3 Learn more about this provider PHPSESSID [x3] Preserves user session state across page requests. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Qq.com 1 Learn more about this provider kv Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider _cfuvid Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP bimobject.com vimeo.com 2 __cf_bm [x2] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP cdn.howuku.com 3 pageview Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP poll_session_seen Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP unique_session Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP cdnmedia.mapei.com consent.cookiebot.com 2 CookieConsent [x2] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP certid.it 2 incap_ses_# Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP visid_incap_# Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP construccionyrehabilitacion.com 1 firebase:host:#.firebaseio.com Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML cwdlatest.botoffice.net nr-data.net 2 JSESSIONID [x2] Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP leadaki.com 2 PLAY_LANG Stores the user's preferences Expiry : Session Type : HTTP PLAY_SESSION Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP node.certid.it 1 io Preserves user session state across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP sgtm.mapei.com 4 _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP cookie_consent_marketing Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML cookie_consent_statistics Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML vm.gtimg.cn 4 _qimei_fingerprint Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _qimei_h38 Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _qimei_q36 Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _qimei_uuid42 Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP www.mapei.com 1 portalNavigation Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Functionality 5 These cookies enable the website to provide advanced functionalities and customizations that allow the navigation based on several elements (e.g., language, selected for purchase products) in order to improve the service. If these cookies are not active some or all the services of the website may not work correctly. These cookies may be set by us or by third parties whose services have been integrated into our website’s pages. bot.leadoo.com 3 ld_#_open_time Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML ld_session_id Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML ld_session_origin Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML construccionyrehabilitacion.com 1 firebaseLocalStorageDb#firebaseLocalStorage Facilitates the notification function within the chatbox, allowing the website’s support team to notify the user, when a reply has been given in the chatbox. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB cwdlatest.botoffice.net 1 TAB-ROUTING Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Analytics and statistics 66 Analytics and statistics cookies collect information about the users who visit our website and their web browsing. For example, they collect data that helps us to identify users accessing our website, allow us to see which pages are the most often visited, whether users receive error messages, and how users arrived at our website. These cookies are used to measure and improve the performance of our website and are sometimes sent by third parties who provide web traffic and analytics services. Your consent is required for the use of such cookies. Appnexus 1 Learn more about this provider bounce Determines if a user leaves the website straight away. This information is used for internal statistics and analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Azure 1 Learn more about this provider msd365mkttrs Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Cliengo 7 Learn more about this provider ldkInit Pending Expiry : 116 days Type : HTTP _clgoNavHistory Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML gadsSnippetsundefinedundefined Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML initialMessageWithQuickReplies Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML userHasInteracted Used to connect with Cliengo Chatbot Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP userHasInteractedwww.mapei.com/ Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML ldkRefererTracking Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Google 3 Learn more about this provider collect Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel botmaker_auth_MQNKFPXGF6 Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Hotjar 5 Learn more about this provider hjActiveViewportIds This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML hjViewportId Saves the user's screen size in order to adjust the size of images on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTML _hjSession_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _hjSessionUser_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _hjTLDTest Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP JotForm 1 Learn more about this provider guest Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider AnalyticsSyncHistory Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP Microsoft 7 Learn more about this provider c.gif Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel MR [x2] Indicates whether to refresh MUID. Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _clsk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _cltk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTML CLID Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Neustar 1 Learn more about this provider ab This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Qq.com 15 Learn more about this provider __BEACON_#_4.5.#-web_direct_log_id Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_0AND0F8T5N4N7QT0_is_new_user Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_0AND0F8T5N4N7QT0_last_report_time Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_0AND0F8T5N4N7QT0_logid_start Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_0AND0F8T5N4N7QT0_sending_event_ids Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_0AND0F8T5N4N7QT0_session_storage_key Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_deviceId Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Beacon_0WEB0QEJW44KW5A5_V3#event_table_v3 Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB _qimei_config_0WEB05IY85DVOASP Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _qimei_fingerprint Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _qimei_h38 Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _qimei_last_get_id_time_0WEB05IY85DVOASP Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _qimei_q36 Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _qimei_ssid Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTML _qimei_uuid42 Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Tiktok 1 Learn more about this provider _tt_enable_cookie Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider personalization_id This cookie is set by Twitter - The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website onto their Twitter profile. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP YouTube 1 Learn more about this provider sentryReplaySession Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Session Type : HTML acsbapp.com 1 acsb:logs Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML botmaker.com 1 botmaker_auth Pending Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP cdn.howuku.com 3 created_at Contains the date of the visitor's first visit to the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP first_session Determines whether the user is new or returning, in order to display relevant ads by matching preferences from potential earlier visits. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP howuku_session Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP cwdlatest.botoffice.net 1 tab-uid Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP fe.certid.it 5 _ttwu Pending Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _ttwus Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP fe.certid.it Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _tteu Pending Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _tteus Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP leadaki.com 2 PLAY_ERRORS Stores the user's preferences Expiry : Session Type : HTTP PLAY_FLASH Stores the user's preferences Expiry : Session Type : HTTP mapei.com 4 FPAU Assigns a specific ID to the visitor. This allows the website to determine the number of specific user-visits for analysis and statistics. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP FPGSID Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP FPID Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP FPLC Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP sgtm.mapei.com 1 gtmBrowserId This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has visited the website before, or if it is a new visitor on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML www.mapei.com 2 sf-prs-lu Detects and stores which landing page was presented to the user. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP sf-prs-ss Sets a timestamp for when the visitor entered the website. This is used for analytical purposes on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Marketing and profiling 126 Marketing and profiling cookies are used for remarketing activities (i.e., to conduct advertising activities towards users who have visited the website), for tracking the user's web browsing and for creating profiles on the user’s preferences, habits, choices, etc. These cookies, if are third parties’ cookies, may also show you relevant contents and advertisements on other websites.  These cookies also include social media cookies, that are used for enabling you to share our contents on social media. If a user interacts with plug-ins, e.g., by clicking the Facebook "Like" button or posting a comment while logged into his/her social media account (e.g., Facebook, Pinterest, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram), the user links the website content to his/her social media profile. In such a way, the social media can associate a user's visit or the detected interests with the user's social media account. For more information on the data transmission, please refer to the privacy policy of the social media outlet of interest. Disabling these cookies may result in content not being shared on social media. Meta Platforms, Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP 1rx.io unrulymedia.com 2 _rxuuid [x2] Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Adform 2 Learn more about this provider C Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP uid Registers a unique user ID that recognises the user's browser when visiting websites that use the same ad network. The purpose is to optimise display of ads based on the user's movements and various ad providers' bids for displaying user ads. Expiry : 2 months Type : HTTP Amazon 1 Learn more about this provider __trf.src Registers how the user has reached the website to enable pay-out of referral commission fees to partners. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Appnexus 3 Learn more about this provider anj Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP uuid2 Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP XANDR_PANID This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP Azure 1 Learn more about this provider msd365mkttr Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Beachfront 2 Learn more about this provider __#_cid Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP __io_cid Used in conjunction with video-advertisement - Detects where on the website the video-advertisements should be displayed. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Bluekai.com 3 Learn more about this provider bkpa Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 6 months Type : HTTP bku Registers anonymised user data, such as IP address, geographical location, visited websites, and what ads the user has clicked, with the purpose of optimising ad display based on the user's movement on websites that use the same ad network. Expiry : 6 months Type : HTTP site/# Pending Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Datonics 3 Learn more about this provider anHistory Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP anProfile Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP engine Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Google 12 Learn more about this provider IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP pagead/landing [x2] Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel pagead/viewthroughconversion/950803353/ Pending Expiry : Session Type : Pixel ads/ga-audiences Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel NID Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Expiry : 6 months Type : HTTP pagead/1p-conversion/#/ Pending Expiry : Session Type : Pixel pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel #,# Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML #,#_expiresAt Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _auKCMam4ZEBENOV4YYD,34933435050 Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _auKCMam4ZEBENOV4YYD,34933435050_expiresAt Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML JotForm 1 Learn more about this provider userReferer Determines how the user accessed the website. This information is used by the website operator in order to measure the efficiency of their marketing. Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP LinkedIn 5 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP li_sugr Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP lidc Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP UserMatchHistory Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP li_adsId Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Microsoft 12 Learn more about this provider #{8}-#{4}-#{4}-#{4}-#{12} Used to generate a unique ID Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML MUID [x2] Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP SRM_B Tracks the user’s interaction with the website’s search-bar-function. This data can be used to present the user with relevant products or services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP ANONCHK Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP SM Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device during return visits across websites that use the same ad network. The ID is used to allow targeted ads. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Neustar 1 Learn more about this provider u Collects data on user visits to the website, such as what pages have been accessed. The registered data is used to categorise the user's interest and demographic profiles in terms of resales for targeted marketing. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Openx 1 Learn more about this provider w/1.0/sd Registers data on visitors such as IP addresses, geographical location and advertisement interaction. This information is used optimize the advertisement on websites that make use of OpenX.net services. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel OptiMonk 2 Learn more about this provider OptiMonkVisitorAttributes Implements pop-up advertisement on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML optiMonkClientId Collects information on what products the visitor has viewed and the content of the shopping-cart. This is used to increase the website's conversion rate through targeted advertisement and product promotions through emails. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Qq.com 9 Learn more about this provider __BEACON_0WEB0QEJW44KW5A5_is_new_user Collects data on visitor interaction with the website's video-content. This data is used to make the website's video-content more relevant towards the visitor. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_0WEB0QEJW44KW5A5_last_report_time Collects data on visitor interaction with the website's video-content. This data is used to make the website's video-content more relevant towards the visitor. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_0WEB0QEJW44KW5A5_logid_start Collects data on visitor interaction with the website's video-content. This data is used to make the website's video-content more relevant towards the visitor. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_0WEB0QEJW44KW5A5_sending_event_ids Collects data on visitor interaction with the website's video-content. This data is used to make the website's video-content more relevant towards the visitor. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_0WEB0QEJW44KW5A5_session_storage_key Collects data on visitor interaction with the website's video-content. This data is used to make the website's video-content more relevant towards the visitor. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML tgw_l7_route Stores user and behavior data when viewing embedded videos from the provider qq.com. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP thumbplayer-offline-db-cleanup-state Collects data such as visitors' IP address, geographical location and website navigation - This information is used for internal optimization and statistics for the website's operator. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML thumbplayer-offline-log-3#log-content Collects data such as visitors' IP address, geographical location and website navigation - This information is used for internal optimization and statistics for the website's operator. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB thumbplayer-offline-log-3#log-info Collects data such as visitors' IP address, geographical location and website navigation - This information is used for internal optimization and statistics for the website's operator. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB Simpli.fi 4 Learn more about this provider suid Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP suid_legacy Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP uid_syncd Registers user behaviour and navigation on the website, and any interaction with active campaigns. This is used for optimizing advertisement and for efficient retargeting. Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP uid_syncd_secure Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP Spotify 2 Learn more about this provider sp_landing Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP sp_t Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Tapad 4 Learn more about this provider idsync/ex/receive/check This cookie is set by the audience manager of the website to determine the time and frequencies of visitor data synchronization - cookie data synchronization is used to synchronize and gather visitor data from several websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel TapAd_3WAY_SYNCS Used for data-synchronization with advertisement networks. Expiry : 2 months Type : HTTP TapAd_DID Used to determine what type of devices (smartphones, tablets, computers, TVs etc.) is used by a user. Expiry : 2 months Type : HTTP TapAd_TS Used to determine what type of devices (smartphones, tablets, computers, TVs etc.) is used by a user. Expiry : 2 months Type : HTTP Tiktok 5 Learn more about this provider tt_appInfo Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : Session Type : HTML tt_pixel_session_index Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : Session Type : HTML tt_sessionId Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : Session Type : HTML _ttp [x2] Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Triplelift 1 Learn more about this provider xuid Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Twitter Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider i/adsct [x2] The cookie is used by Twitter.com in order to determine the number of visitors accessing the website through Twitter advertisement content. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel muc_ads Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP Yahoo 1 Learn more about this provider A3 Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP YouTube 37 Learn more about this provider #-# [x2] Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTML iU5q-!O9@[#COOKIETABLE_ADVERTISING#]nbsp;[x2] Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTML LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP nextId [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP requests [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP yt.innertube::nextId [x2] Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML YtIdbMeta#databases [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB yt-remote-cast-available [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-cast-installed [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-connected-devices [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-device-id [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-app [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-name [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP adform.net adnxs.com doubleclick.net 3 receive-cookie-deprecation [x3] Pending Expiry : 2 months Type : HTTP bot.leadoo.com 1 ld_env Determines how the user accessed the website. This information is used by the website operator in order to measure the efficiency of their marketing. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML fe.certid.it 1 ___utmvc Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP sgtm.mapei.com 1 _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP Unclassified 0 Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. We do not use cookies of this type. Cross-domain consent [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] [#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#] List of domains your consent applies to: [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#] Cookie declaration last updated on 3/27/24 by Cookiebot [#IABV2_TITLE#] [#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] Cookies are small text files that are stored on the user's device. Cookies are very common and are used on many websites. This is because cookies allow website operators to do useful things. For example, a cookie allows a website operator to know whether a device (and probably its user) has visited the website before. In general, cookies are used to improve a website’s operation and the user’s experience when using it, although cookies may also enable the receipt of marketing communications. On this website, with the user's consent, also technologies that allow "cross-device" tracking, i.e., allowing to analyze the user’s activities performed through different devices (e.g., computers and smartphones), may be used. Do not sell or share my personal information Deny Allow selection Customize Allow all Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics PRODOTTI SOLUZIONI CERCA Menu cerca null MyMapei MyMapei Area Logout MyMapei Accedi Seleziona la lingua ita English italiano PRODOTTI Naviga per LINEE DI PRODOTTO Tutte le linee di prodotto Cerca prodotti Libreria tecnica prodotti Prodotti in evidenza SOLUZIONI MAPEI PER I PROGETTISTI SOSTENIBILITÀ TOOLS & DOWNLOAD Vai a TOOLS & DOWNLOAD Strumenti Calcolatore fughe e sigillanti Progettazione pavimentazioni architettoniche di pietra Prescrizione Calcestruzzo Selettore fissaggi chimici, sigillanti ed adesivi elastici Mapetherm Planner Progetto Ceramica MAPECOAT TNS Colorizer Selettore prodotti per la pulizia, manutenzione e protezione delle superfici Documentazione Brochure, manuali, guide Libreria tecnica prodotti Selettore finiture murali e prodotti per l’isolamento termico Dichiarazioni di Prestazione dei prodotti Mapei non a catalogo LEED Tool LEED V4 Sinottico LEED Varie Fughe colorate e sigillanti Master Collection - Finiture colorate BIM 150 soluzioni Software di calcolo Mapei Structural Design Data Mapesilent Mapei Design Fix Applicazioni Mapei APP Fughe Mapei APP ASSISTENZA MAPEI ACADEMY Vai a MAPEI ACADEMY Video tutorial Video tecnici di approfondimento REALTÀ MAPEI MAGAZINE PROGETTI CHI SIAMO Vai a CHI SIAMO Storia Financial report Mapei in Italia Certificazioni e tecnologie Mapei Cultura e sport Specification Centre NEWS LAVORA CON NOI CONTATTI BONUS CASA con MAPEI La guida completa delle soluzioni Mapei per fruire dei Bonus Casa in maniera più consapevole e serena. Scopri quali detrazioni puoi proporre al tuo condominio o quali interventi programmare per la tua casa. Scopri di più Mapei PRO - Analisi Prezzi e Voci di Capitolato Ottieni i documenti per il tuo progetto in questi diversi formati: DCF da utilizzare su PriMus di Acca software , XPWE per altri software di computo metrico e contabilità, Excel e PDF . PROVA SUBITO IL TOOL Costruiamo insieme un futuro sostenibile DA OGGI PUOI FARE LA TUA PARTE Scopri la linea ZERO Mapei: il tuo partner per la progettazione Offriamo un’assistenza puntuale sia in cantiere che in fase progettuale, grazie a servizi di consulenza personalizzata , utili software di calcolo gratuiti, analisi dei prezzi, voci di capitolato, formazione specializzata e una vasta gamma di altri strumenti a supporto. Scopri di più Realtà Mapei  Magazine Articoli, focus, video di approfondimento e tutti i numeri a tua disposizione. Scopri il nostro magazine La formazione gratuita per
i professionisti dell’edilizia Scopri la formazione di Mapei Academy per imprese e progettisti, con rilascio di crediti formativi per i professionisti . Scopri la nostra offerta formativa BONUS CASA con MAPEI La guida completa delle soluzioni Mapei per fruire dei Bonus Casa in maniera più consapevole e serena. Scopri quali detrazioni puoi proporre al tuo condominio o quali interventi programmare per la tua casa. Scopri di più Mapei PRO - Analisi Prezzi e Voci di Capitolato Ottieni i documenti per il tuo progetto in questi diversi formati: DCF da utilizzare su PriMus di Acca software , XPWE per altri software di computo metrico e contabilità, Excel e PDF . PROVA SUBITO IL TOOL BONUS CASA
con MAPEI La guida completa delle soluzioni Mapei per fruire dei Bonus Casa in maniera più consapevole e serena. Scopri quali detrazioni puoi proporre al tuo condominio o quali interventi programmare per la tua casa. Scopri di più Mapei PRO - Analisi Prezzi e Voci di Capitolato Ottieni i documenti per il tuo progetto in questi diversi formati: DCF da utilizzare su PriMus di Acca software , XPWE per altri software di computo metrico e contabilità, Excel e PDF . PROVA SUBITO IL TOOL Costruiamo insieme un futuro sostenibile DA OGGI PUOI FARE LA TUA PARTE Scopri la linea ZERO Mapei: il tuo partner per la progettazione Offriamo un’assistenza puntuale sia in cantiere che in fase progettuale, grazie a servizi di consulenza personalizzata , utili software di calcolo gratuiti, analisi dei prezzi, voci di capitolato, formazione specializzata e una vasta gamma di altri strumenti a supporto. Scopri di più Realtà Mapei  Magazine Articoli, focus, video di approfondimento e tutti i numeri a tua disposizione. Scopri il nostro magazine La formazione gratuita per
i professionisti dell’edilizia Scopri la formazione di Mapei Academy per imprese e progettisti, con rilascio di crediti formativi per i professionisti . Scopri la nostra offerta formativa BONUS CASA
con MAPEI La guida completa delle soluzioni Mapei per fruire dei Bonus Casa in maniera più consapevole e serena. Scopri quali detrazioni puoi proporre al tuo condominio o quali interventi programmare per la tua casa. Scopri di più Mapei PRO - Analisi Prezzi e Voci di Capitolato Ottieni i documenti per il tuo progetto in questi diversi formati: DCF da utilizzare su PriMus di Acca software , XPWE per altri software di computo metrico e contabilità, Excel e PDF . PROVA SUBITO IL TOOL TUTTI I PRODOTTI TUTTE LE SOLUZIONI TOOLS & DOWNLOAD In evidenza Mapeflex MS 55 Scopri il nuovo adesivo e sigillante elastico multifunzione che incolla e sigilla sempre e comunque. Disponibile anche in tubetto! Ultracare Rain Protector Trattamenti idrorepellenti anti-infiltrazione ideali per proteggere balconi e terrazze. Idropitture Le idropitture Mapei offrono elevate performance, durabilità, estetica e benessere abitativo. Ciclo di ripristino ZERO Ripristino, rasatura e protezione del calcestruzzo con malte e sistemi cementizi a emissioni residue di CO₂ interamente compensate. News VEDI TUTTE LE NEWS 12 aprile 2024 Mapei partecipa a GIC 2024 7 maggio 2024 Mapei Stadium e Generazione S rinnovano la loro partecipazione al festival di Internazionale Kids 6 maggio 2024 Mapei presenta il tool “Mapei PRO - analisi prezzi e voci di capitolato” in collaborazione con ACCA software 3 maggio 2024 Mapei con Politecnico di Milano per il programma seminariale Architecture and Sustainability: Matter, Quality, Form 24 aprile 2024 Ambrogio Beccaria salpa con Mapei Global Sponsor per The Transat CIC 24 aprile 2024 Mapei e Andretti svelano la vettura per Indianapolis 19 aprile 2024 Nuova formula Planitop Rasa&Ripara Zero: rapida, ancora più lavorabile e facile da applicare 18 aprile 2024 Mapei inaugura un nuovo stabilimento nel Regno Unito 16 aprile 2024 CRM ZERO MAPEI: il primo e unico sistema di rinforzo strutturale certificato ed a emissioni residue di CO₂ totalmente compensate 15 aprile 2024 Sit Together: Mapei partner del progetto di Topotek 1 e MDT-Tex alla mostra-evento “Interni Cross Vision” 12 aprile 2024 Mapei partecipa a GIC 2024 7 maggio 2024 Mapei Stadium e Generazione S rinnovano la loro partecipazione al festival di Internazionale Kids VEDI TUTTE LE NEWS Linee di prodotto Additivi di macinazione per cemento C-ADD Industria navale Profili per pavimenti e rivestimenti Ceramica e pietra naturale Prodotti complementari per la posa Pulizia, manutenzione e protezione delle superfici Resilienti, LVT e tessili Pavimentazioni sportive Parquet Pavimentazioni cementizie e in resina Impermeabilizzanti Impermeabilizzanti per coperture Edilizia Sigillanti ed adesivi elastici Rinforzo strutturale Finiture murali colorate e protettive Isolamento termico Risanamento di edifici in muratura Isolamento acustico Additivi per calcestruzzo Pavimentazioni architettoniche in pietra Pavimentazioni in calcestruzzo architettonico Pavimentazioni industriali CFS Pavimentazioni bituminose Costruzioni in sotterraneo UTT Additivi di macinazione per cemento C-ADD Industria navale Profili per pavimenti e rivestimenti Ceramica e pietra naturale Prodotti complementari per la posa Pulizia, manutenzione e protezione delle superfici Tools MAPETHERM PLANNER - cappotto termico Calcolatore fughe e sigillanti Prescrizione del calcestruzzo Selettore fissaggi chimici, sigillanti ed adesivi elastici MASTER COLLECTION - FINITURE COLORATE Selettore prodotti per la pulizia, protezione e manutenzione delle superfici SCOPRI TUTTI I TOOL Soluzioni complete e dettagliate per tutti i tipi di cantiere Mapei ti aiuta a risolvere ogni problematica che puoi riscontrare in cantiere, grazie a una lista di oltre 350 soluzioni dedicate a ogni esigenza edilizia. Puoi trovare la tua soluzione grazie alla scelta guidata o attraverso la ricerca avanzata. Scopri di più Sistema completo per il trattamento delle infiltrazioni e  l’impermeabilizzazione di strutture interrate esistenti adibite a locali di servizio Scopri di più Sistema per l’impermeabilizzazione rapida e la posa di rivestimenti murali decorativi e LVT/SPC in ambienti umidi Scopri di più Sistemi per la posa di rivestimenti murali decorativi e LVT/SPC in ambienti umidi anche in sovrapposizione a ceramiche esistenti Scopri di più Sistema per l’impermeabilizzazione e la posa di ceramica su balconi e terrazze in sovrapposizione al pavimento ceramico esistente Scopri di più Sistema per la posa di ceramica su pavimentazione esistente fessurata mediante membrana desolidarizzante, antifrattura e impermeabilizzante Scopri di più Sistema per la posa di ceramica di grande formato su sistema radiante con strato di isolamento acustico su membrana desolidarizzante e antifrattura Scopri di più Sistema rapido per l'impermeabilizzazione di pavimenti e la posa di LVT in docce e ambienti umidi Scopri di più Sistema per la posa di ceramica in ambienti umidi su pannello multiuso impermeabile Scopri di più Sistema per la posa di ceramica in ambienti umidi su pannello multiuso impermeabile Scopri di più Sistema per l'impermeabilizzazione di balconi e terrazzi esistenti con prodotti cementizi bicomponenti e successiva posa del rivestimento Scopri di più Sistema completo per il trattamento delle infiltrazioni e  l’impermeabilizzazione di strutture interrate esistenti adibite a locali di servizio Scopri di più Sistema per l’impermeabilizzazione rapida e la posa di rivestimenti murali decorativi e LVT/SPC in ambienti umidi Scopri di più Sistemi per la posa di rivestimenti murali decorativi e LVT/SPC in ambienti umidi anche in sovrapposizione a ceramiche esistenti Scopri di più Sistema per l’impermeabilizzazione e la posa di ceramica su balconi e terrazze in sovrapposizione al pavimento ceramico esistente Scopri di più Sistema per la posa di ceramica su pavimentazione esistente fessurata mediante membrana desolidarizzante, antifrattura e impermeabilizzante Scopri di più Sistema per la posa di ceramica di grande formato su sistema radiante con strato di isolamento acustico su membrana desolidarizzante e antifrattura Scelta guidata Ti guidiamo passo dopo passo nella scelta della tua soluzione Ricerca avanzata Personalizza la tua ricerca grazie ai filtri e trova la soluzione ideale In evidenza Mapelastic La gamma delle impermeabilizzazioni cementizie Mapelastic è la scelta migliore per proteggere da infiltrazioni d’acqua la tua casa Ultralite Flex Gli adesivi che alleggeriscono il tuo lavoro Ultracare Rain Protector Trattamenti idrorepellenti anti-infiltrazione ideali per proteggere balconi e terrazze. Nuove fughe colorate Belle e versatili, le fughe Mapei hanno il colore perfetto per ogni ambiente ISCRIVITI ALL'EVENTO VISITA IL SITO RESINFLOORING VISITA IL SITO CIS VISITA IL SITO C-ADD Realtà Mapei Magazine Per progettare il futuro è fondamentale condividere tutta la nostra conoscenza. Per questo abbiamo creato Realtà Mapei Magazine, il nostro strumento di dialogo con i professionisti dell’edilizia e con tutti quelli che utilizzano i prodotti Mapei. Scopri di più Progetti Fitness Club The Ray nel centro sportivo Alster-Schwimmhalle ad Amburgo L'Alster-Schwimmhalle di Amburgo, attiva dal 1973, ha subito una riqualificazione che include il nuovo Fitness Club The Ray, dotato di attrezzature avanzate. Per i pavimenti, Mapei GmbH ha fornito soluzioni sostenibili e durevoli, compatibili con… L'Alster-Schwimmhalle di Amburgo, attiva dal 1973, ha subito una riqualificazione che include il nuovo Fitness Club The Ray, dotato di attrezzature avanzate. Per i pavimenti, Mapei GmbH ha fornito… #sport Scopri di più Sostenibilità N° 172 - 08/05/2024 CUBE System: un approccio integrato CUBE System di Mapei contribuisce alla sostenibilità dell'industria del calcestruzzo attraverso un'offerta di additivi superfluidificanti, incrementatori di resistenze e assistenza tecnica in tutte le fasi del processo di produzione. CUBE System di Mapei contribuisce alla sostenibilità dell'industria del calcestruzzo attraverso un'offerta di additivi superfluidificanti, incrementatori di resistenze e assistenza tecnica in tutte… Scopri di più Progetti Interviste N° 180 - 07/05/2024 Un alto livello di efficacia, durabilità e sostenibilità Durante il rifacimento dei cordoli e delle aree di deflusso del Circuito Internazionale di Sepang nello scorso autunno, la presenza degli esperti Mapei in cantiere è stata molto apprezzata, in quanto ha dimostrato l'attenzione e la concentrazione… Durante il rifacimento dei cordoli e delle aree di deflusso del Circuito Internazionale di Sepang nello scorso autunno, la presenza degli esperti Mapei in cantiere è stata molto apprezzata, in quanto… #sport Articoli, focus, video di approfondimento e tutti i numeri a tua disposizione. SCOPRI IL NOSTRO MAGAZINE Scopri tutti gli articoli Video tutorial Ultracare Rust Remover - Tutorial Il pulitore Mapei per rimuovere la ruggine MapeLevel PROWDG - Tutorial Sistema livellante per una posa rapida di piastrelle con applicazione a pinza Mapelevel Easy T - Tutorial Autolivellante riutilizzabile con chiave di regolazione inclusa Mapeflex MS55 | Sigillature e incollaggi in verticale e sopra testa senza sostegni Mapefix EP 100 | Effettuare fissaggi chimici strutturali Mapeflex FR | Sigillare giunti tagliafuoco a parete MAPEFLEX Xpress 80/400 | Sigillare giunti e fessure a pavimento in tempi brevi Mapesil FR | Sigillare i giunti tagliafuoco a parete e pavimento Planipatch Xtra - Guida all’utilizzo Rasatura tissotropica per riparazioni localizzate Ultracare Stain Remover - Tutorial Smacchiatore in pasta per macchie e residui organici Ultracare Rust Remover - Tutorial Il pulitore Mapei per rimuovere la ruggine MapeLevel PROWDG - Tutorial Sistema livellante per una posa rapida di piastrelle con applicazione a pinza Mapelevel Easy T - Tutorial Autolivellante riutilizzabile con chiave di regolazione inclusa Mapeflex MS55 | Sigillature e incollaggi in verticale e sopra testa senza sostegni Mapefix EP 100 | Effettuare fissaggi chimici strutturali Mapeflex FR | Sigillare giunti tagliafuoco a parete Guarda tutti i video tutorial Progetti I prodotti Mapei sono stati utilizzati per la realizzazione di migliaia di progetti in tutto il mondo, dalle grandi opere agli spazi commerciali, dai progetti residenziali alle opere di interesse pubblico: l’assistenza e consulenza sono parti integranti della nostra offerta e del nostro impegno quotidiano. Scopri di più EDIFICI, LUOGHI PUBBLICI Aeroporto Internazionale Willy Brandt Berlin, Germania Posa di pavimenti Scopri di più TURISMO E BENESSERE Delfinario Nemo Ucraina Recupero calcestruzzi, Impermeabilizzazione Scopri di più EDIFICI, LUOGHI PUBBLICI Arco della Pace Milano, Italia Impermeabilizzazione Scopri di più EDIFICI, LUOGHI PUBBLICI Galleria Passage San Pietroburgo, Russia Posa di pavimenti Scopri di più EDIFICI, LUOGHI PUBBLICI Campidoglio 2-La città dei cittadini Roma, Italia Posa di pavimenti Scopri di più IMPIANTI SPORTIVI Dacia Arena - Stadio Friuli Udine, Italia Soluzioni per pavimentazioni sportive Scopri di più IMPIANTI SPORTIVI Mapei Stadium Reggio Emilia, Italia Posa di pavimenti e rivestimenti a parete, Soluzioni per pavimentazioni sportive, Impermeabilizzazione Scopri di più EDIFICI, LUOGHI PUBBLICI Nuovo Centro Tecnologico McLaren Woking, Regno Unito Posa di pavimenti e rivestimenti a parete Scopri di più SPAZI COMMERCIALI Sony Center Berlino, Germania Posa di pavimenti Scopri di più EDIFICI, LUOGHI PUBBLICI Cattedrale di Aquisgrana Aix La Chapelle, Germania Posa di rivestimenti a parete Scopri di più EDIFICI, LUOGHI PUBBLICI Aeroporto Internazionale Willy Brandt Berlin, Germania Posa di pavimenti Scopri di più TURISMO E BENESSERE Delfinario Nemo Ucraina Recupero calcestruzzi, Impermeabilizzazione Scopri di più EDIFICI, LUOGHI PUBBLICI Arco della Pace Milano, Italia Impermeabilizzazione Scopri di più EDIFICI, LUOGHI PUBBLICI Galleria Passage San Pietroburgo, Russia Posa di pavimenti Scopri di più EDIFICI, LUOGHI PUBBLICI Campidoglio 2-La città dei cittadini Roma, Italia Posa di pavimenti Scopri di più IMPIANTI SPORTIVI Dacia Arena - Stadio Friuli Udine, Italia Soluzioni per pavimentazioni sportive Scopri tutti i progetti I numeri di Mapei 90 Stabilimenti nei 5 continenti in 35 Paesi diversi 7.000 Prodotti per l'edilizia del Gruppo Mapei 32 Centri di ricerca principali in 20 Paesi 100.000 Tonnellate di CO 2 compensate Ambiente Costruire il futuro significa ricercare massima sostenibilità e rispetto per la natura: due obiettivi che perseguiamo per garantire un mondo a basso impatto ambientale. Progettare un mondo sostenibile è un impegno fondamentale per Mapei. Un impegno che mettiamo a disposizione di progettisti, imprese, applicatori e committenti grazie a prodotti e soluzioni innovative dal minor impatto ambientale. Leggi di più Mapei sostiene la cultura e lo sport Scopri di più Rimani in contatto Iscriviti alla nostra newsletter per essere sempre aggiornato sulle novità Mapei Iscriviti Iscriviti Home page Seguici su Scarica le nostre app MAPEI APP APP FUGHE Contattaci Chiamaci +39-02-376731 Scrivi all'Assistenza Tecnica Accedi/Iscriviti MyMapei MyMapei Financial report Bilancio di sostenibilità Codice etico Modello 231 Whistleblowing PRIVACY DIRITTI INTERESSATI Area Media Area Ordini PRODOTTI Naviga per LINEE DI PRODOTTO Tutte le linee di prodotto Cerca prodotti Libreria tecnica prodotti Prodotti in evidenza SOLUZIONI MAPEI PER I PROGETTISTI SOSTENIBILITÀ TOOLS & DOWNLOAD Vai a TOOLS & DOWNLOAD Strumenti Documentazione LEED Varie Software di calcolo Applicazioni ASSISTENZA MAPEI ACADEMY Vai a MAPEI ACADEMY Video tutorial Video tecnici di approfondimento REALTÀ MAPEI MAGAZINE PROGETTI CHI SIAMO Vai a CHI SIAMO Storia Financial report Mapei in Italia NEWS LAVORA CON NOI CONTATTI Linee di prodotto Ceramica e pietra naturale Prodotti complementari per la posa Pulizia, manutenzione e protezione delle superfici Resilienti, LVT e tessili Pavimentazioni sportive Parquet Pavimentazioni cementizie e in resina Impermeabilizzanti Impermeabilizzanti per coperture Edilizia Sigillanti ed adesivi elastici Rinforzo strutturale Finiture murali colorate e protettive Isolamento termico Risanamento di edifici in muratura Isolamento acustico Additivi per calcestruzzo Pavimentazioni architettoniche in pietra Pavimentazioni in calcestruzzo architettonico Pavimentazioni industriali CFS Pavimentazioni bituminose Costruzioni in sotterraneo UTT Additivi di macinazione per cemento C-ADD Industria navale Profili per pavimenti e rivestimenti Copyright © 2024 MAPEI S.p.A. - Via Cafiero, 22 - Milano Italia - P.IVA 01649960158 - Dati societari - Termini e condizioni Privacy policy Cookie policy Preferenze Cookie Accessibilità Change Country cerca Accedi all’area MyMapei Utente registrato Se sei già registrato effettua il login Email Password Accedi Accedi Hai dimenticato la password? Nuovo Utente Registrati ora, potrai: Ricevere le nostre esclusive newsletter Salvare i tuoi prodotti, progetti e articoli preferiti Abbonarti alla rivista Realtà Mapei Scaricare software di calcolo Iscriverti ai Seminari / Convegni Utilizzare lo strumento Progetto Ceramica Registrati Registrati

Dati societari | Mapei Powered by Cookiebot Consent Details [#IABV2SETTINGS#] About This website uses cookies On this website cookies and other tracking tools that collect information from your device are used. In addition to technical cookies, which are strictly necessary for the operation of this website, aggregate analytics cookies are used. Subject to your consent, analytics and statistics cookies, functionality cookies and marketing and profiling cookies (including social media cookies), which may also allow tracking of your activities across multiple devices (cross-device), are also used. You can click on "Allow all" to accept all the cookie categories or decide which cookies and technologies to accept by clicking on "Customize". If you simply close this banner, reject cookies, or continue browsing, only technical and aggregated analytics cookies will be installed. For more details, please see our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy sections on the website footer. Consent Selection Cookie List Technical and aggregated analytics Functionality Analytics and statistics Marketing and profiling Show details Cookie List Technical and aggregated analytics 41 Technical cookies help us to make a website useful by enabling basic functions such as page navigation, setting privacy preferences and accessing or filling in forms. The website may not work correctly without technical cookies. Moreover, aggregated analytics cookies enable us to count visits and traffic sources so that we can measure and improve the performance of our website. They also help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and to see how visitors move around the site.  Aggregated analyses performed on visits never present information from which your identity can be traced. Bimobject 2 Learn more about this provider cf_clearance This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP ASP.NET_SessionId Preserves the visitor's session state across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider 1.gif Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Google 6 Learn more about this provider test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML _gat Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _gid Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _set_cookie This cookie determines whether the browser accepts cookies. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel JotForm 1 Learn more about this provider JOTFORM_SESSION Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP bscookie This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Mapei 3 Learn more about this provider PHPSESSID [x3] Preserves user session state across page requests. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Qq.com 1 Learn more about this provider kv Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider _cfuvid Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP bimobject.com vimeo.com 2 __cf_bm [x2] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP cdn.howuku.com 3 pageview Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP poll_session_seen Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP unique_session Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP cdnmedia.mapei.com consent.cookiebot.com 2 CookieConsent [x2] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP certid.it 2 incap_ses_# Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP visid_incap_# Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP construccionyrehabilitacion.com 1 firebase:host:#.firebaseio.com Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML cwdlatest.botoffice.net nr-data.net 2 JSESSIONID [x2] Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP leadaki.com 2 PLAY_LANG Stores the user's preferences Expiry : Session Type : HTTP PLAY_SESSION Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP node.certid.it 1 io Preserves user session state across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP sgtm.mapei.com 4 _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP cookie_consent_marketing Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML cookie_consent_statistics Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML vm.gtimg.cn 4 _qimei_fingerprint Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _qimei_h38 Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _qimei_q36 Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _qimei_uuid42 Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP www.mapei.com 1 portalNavigation Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Functionality 5 These cookies enable the website to provide advanced functionalities and customizations that allow the navigation based on several elements (e.g., language, selected for purchase products) in order to improve the service. If these cookies are not active some or all the services of the website may not work correctly. These cookies may be set by us or by third parties whose services have been integrated into our website’s pages. bot.leadoo.com 3 ld_#_open_time Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML ld_session_id Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML ld_session_origin Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML construccionyrehabilitacion.com 1 firebaseLocalStorageDb#firebaseLocalStorage Facilitates the notification function within the chatbox, allowing the website’s support team to notify the user, when a reply has been given in the chatbox. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB cwdlatest.botoffice.net 1 TAB-ROUTING Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Analytics and statistics 66 Analytics and statistics cookies collect information about the users who visit our website and their web browsing. For example, they collect data that helps us to identify users accessing our website, allow us to see which pages are the most often visited, whether users receive error messages, and how users arrived at our website. These cookies are used to measure and improve the performance of our website and are sometimes sent by third parties who provide web traffic and analytics services. Your consent is required for the use of such cookies. Appnexus 1 Learn more about this provider bounce Determines if a user leaves the website straight away. This information is used for internal statistics and analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Azure 1 Learn more about this provider msd365mkttrs Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Cliengo 7 Learn more about this provider ldkInit Pending Expiry : 116 days Type : HTTP _clgoNavHistory Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML gadsSnippetsundefinedundefined Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML initialMessageWithQuickReplies Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML userHasInteracted Used to connect with Cliengo Chatbot Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP userHasInteractedwww.mapei.com/ Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML ldkRefererTracking Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Google 3 Learn more about this provider collect Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel botmaker_auth_MQNKFPXGF6 Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Hotjar 5 Learn more about this provider hjActiveViewportIds This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML hjViewportId Saves the user's screen size in order to adjust the size of images on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTML _hjSession_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _hjSessionUser_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _hjTLDTest Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP JotForm 1 Learn more about this provider guest Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider AnalyticsSyncHistory Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP Microsoft 7 Learn more about this provider c.gif Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel MR [x2] Indicates whether to refresh MUID. Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _clsk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _cltk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTML CLID Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Neustar 1 Learn more about this provider ab This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Qq.com 15 Learn more about this provider __BEACON_#_4.5.#-web_direct_log_id Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_0AND0F8T5N4N7QT0_is_new_user Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_0AND0F8T5N4N7QT0_last_report_time Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_0AND0F8T5N4N7QT0_logid_start Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_0AND0F8T5N4N7QT0_sending_event_ids Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_0AND0F8T5N4N7QT0_session_storage_key Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_deviceId Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Beacon_0WEB0QEJW44KW5A5_V3#event_table_v3 Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB _qimei_config_0WEB05IY85DVOASP Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _qimei_fingerprint Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _qimei_h38 Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _qimei_last_get_id_time_0WEB05IY85DVOASP Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _qimei_q36 Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _qimei_ssid Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTML _qimei_uuid42 Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Tiktok 1 Learn more about this provider _tt_enable_cookie Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider personalization_id This cookie is set by Twitter - The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website onto their Twitter profile. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP YouTube 1 Learn more about this provider sentryReplaySession Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Session Type : HTML acsbapp.com 1 acsb:logs Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML botmaker.com 1 botmaker_auth Pending Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP cdn.howuku.com 3 created_at Contains the date of the visitor's first visit to the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP first_session Determines whether the user is new or returning, in order to display relevant ads by matching preferences from potential earlier visits. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP howuku_session Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP cwdlatest.botoffice.net 1 tab-uid Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP fe.certid.it 5 _ttwu Pending Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _ttwus Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP fe.certid.it Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _tteu Pending Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _tteus Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP leadaki.com 2 PLAY_ERRORS Stores the user's preferences Expiry : Session Type : HTTP PLAY_FLASH Stores the user's preferences Expiry : Session Type : HTTP mapei.com 4 FPAU Assigns a specific ID to the visitor. This allows the website to determine the number of specific user-visits for analysis and statistics. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP FPGSID Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP FPID Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP FPLC Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP sgtm.mapei.com 1 gtmBrowserId This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has visited the website before, or if it is a new visitor on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML www.mapei.com 2 sf-prs-lu Detects and stores which landing page was presented to the user. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP sf-prs-ss Sets a timestamp for when the visitor entered the website. This is used for analytical purposes on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Marketing and profiling 126 Marketing and profiling cookies are used for remarketing activities (i.e., to conduct advertising activities towards users who have visited the website), for tracking the user's web browsing and for creating profiles on the user’s preferences, habits, choices, etc. These cookies, if are third parties’ cookies, may also show you relevant contents and advertisements on other websites.  These cookies also include social media cookies, that are used for enabling you to share our contents on social media. If a user interacts with plug-ins, e.g., by clicking the Facebook "Like" button or posting a comment while logged into his/her social media account (e.g., Facebook, Pinterest, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram), the user links the website content to his/her social media profile. In such a way, the social media can associate a user's visit or the detected interests with the user's social media account. For more information on the data transmission, please refer to the privacy policy of the social media outlet of interest. Disabling these cookies may result in content not being shared on social media. Meta Platforms, Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP 1rx.io unrulymedia.com 2 _rxuuid [x2] Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Adform 2 Learn more about this provider C Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP uid Registers a unique user ID that recognises the user's browser when visiting websites that use the same ad network. The purpose is to optimise display of ads based on the user's movements and various ad providers' bids for displaying user ads. Expiry : 2 months Type : HTTP Amazon 1 Learn more about this provider __trf.src Registers how the user has reached the website to enable pay-out of referral commission fees to partners. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Appnexus 3 Learn more about this provider anj Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP uuid2 Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP XANDR_PANID This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP Azure 1 Learn more about this provider msd365mkttr Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Beachfront 2 Learn more about this provider __#_cid Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP __io_cid Used in conjunction with video-advertisement - Detects where on the website the video-advertisements should be displayed. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Bluekai.com 3 Learn more about this provider bkpa Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 6 months Type : HTTP bku Registers anonymised user data, such as IP address, geographical location, visited websites, and what ads the user has clicked, with the purpose of optimising ad display based on the user's movement on websites that use the same ad network. Expiry : 6 months Type : HTTP site/# Pending Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Datonics 3 Learn more about this provider anHistory Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP anProfile Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP engine Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Google 12 Learn more about this provider IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP pagead/landing [x2] Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel pagead/viewthroughconversion/950803353/ Pending Expiry : Session Type : Pixel ads/ga-audiences Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel NID Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Expiry : 6 months Type : HTTP pagead/1p-conversion/#/ Pending Expiry : Session Type : Pixel pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel #,# Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML #,#_expiresAt Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _auKCMam4ZEBENOV4YYD,34933435050 Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _auKCMam4ZEBENOV4YYD,34933435050_expiresAt Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML JotForm 1 Learn more about this provider userReferer Determines how the user accessed the website. This information is used by the website operator in order to measure the efficiency of their marketing. Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP LinkedIn 5 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP li_sugr Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP lidc Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP UserMatchHistory Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP li_adsId Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Microsoft 12 Learn more about this provider #{8}-#{4}-#{4}-#{4}-#{12} Used to generate a unique ID Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML MUID [x2] Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP SRM_B Tracks the user’s interaction with the website’s search-bar-function. This data can be used to present the user with relevant products or services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP ANONCHK Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP SM Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device during return visits across websites that use the same ad network. The ID is used to allow targeted ads. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Neustar 1 Learn more about this provider u Collects data on user visits to the website, such as what pages have been accessed. The registered data is used to categorise the user's interest and demographic profiles in terms of resales for targeted marketing. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Openx 1 Learn more about this provider w/1.0/sd Registers data on visitors such as IP addresses, geographical location and advertisement interaction. This information is used optimize the advertisement on websites that make use of OpenX.net services. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel OptiMonk 2 Learn more about this provider OptiMonkVisitorAttributes Implements pop-up advertisement on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML optiMonkClientId Collects information on what products the visitor has viewed and the content of the shopping-cart. This is used to increase the website's conversion rate through targeted advertisement and product promotions through emails. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Qq.com 9 Learn more about this provider __BEACON_0WEB0QEJW44KW5A5_is_new_user Collects data on visitor interaction with the website's video-content. This data is used to make the website's video-content more relevant towards the visitor. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_0WEB0QEJW44KW5A5_last_report_time Collects data on visitor interaction with the website's video-content. This data is used to make the website's video-content more relevant towards the visitor. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_0WEB0QEJW44KW5A5_logid_start Collects data on visitor interaction with the website's video-content. This data is used to make the website's video-content more relevant towards the visitor. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_0WEB0QEJW44KW5A5_sending_event_ids Collects data on visitor interaction with the website's video-content. This data is used to make the website's video-content more relevant towards the visitor. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_0WEB0QEJW44KW5A5_session_storage_key Collects data on visitor interaction with the website's video-content. This data is used to make the website's video-content more relevant towards the visitor. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML tgw_l7_route Stores user and behavior data when viewing embedded videos from the provider qq.com. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP thumbplayer-offline-db-cleanup-state Collects data such as visitors' IP address, geographical location and website navigation - This information is used for internal optimization and statistics for the website's operator. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML thumbplayer-offline-log-3#log-content Collects data such as visitors' IP address, geographical location and website navigation - This information is used for internal optimization and statistics for the website's operator. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB thumbplayer-offline-log-3#log-info Collects data such as visitors' IP address, geographical location and website navigation - This information is used for internal optimization and statistics for the website's operator. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB Simpli.fi 4 Learn more about this provider suid Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP suid_legacy Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP uid_syncd Registers user behaviour and navigation on the website, and any interaction with active campaigns. This is used for optimizing advertisement and for efficient retargeting. Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP uid_syncd_secure Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP Spotify 2 Learn more about this provider sp_landing Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP sp_t Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Tapad 4 Learn more about this provider idsync/ex/receive/check This cookie is set by the audience manager of the website to determine the time and frequencies of visitor data synchronization - cookie data synchronization is used to synchronize and gather visitor data from several websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel TapAd_3WAY_SYNCS Used for data-synchronization with advertisement networks. Expiry : 2 months Type : HTTP TapAd_DID Used to determine what type of devices (smartphones, tablets, computers, TVs etc.) is used by a user. Expiry : 2 months Type : HTTP TapAd_TS Used to determine what type of devices (smartphones, tablets, computers, TVs etc.) is used by a user. Expiry : 2 months Type : HTTP Tiktok 5 Learn more about this provider tt_appInfo Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : Session Type : HTML tt_pixel_session_index Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : Session Type : HTML tt_sessionId Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : Session Type : HTML _ttp [x2] Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Triplelift 1 Learn more about this provider xuid Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Twitter Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider i/adsct [x2] The cookie is used by Twitter.com in order to determine the number of visitors accessing the website through Twitter advertisement content. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel muc_ads Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP Yahoo 1 Learn more about this provider A3 Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP YouTube 37 Learn more about this provider #-# [x2] Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTML iU5q-!O9@[#COOKIETABLE_ADVERTISING#]nbsp;[x2] Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTML LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP nextId [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP requests [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP yt.innertube::nextId [x2] Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML YtIdbMeta#databases [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB yt-remote-cast-available [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-cast-installed [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-connected-devices [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-device-id [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-app [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-name [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP adform.net adnxs.com doubleclick.net 3 receive-cookie-deprecation [x3] Pending Expiry : 2 months Type : HTTP bot.leadoo.com 1 ld_env Determines how the user accessed the website. This information is used by the website operator in order to measure the efficiency of their marketing. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML fe.certid.it 1 ___utmvc Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP sgtm.mapei.com 1 _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP Unclassified 0 Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. We do not use cookies of this type. Cross-domain consent [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] [#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#] List of domains your consent applies to: [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#] Cookie declaration last updated on 3/27/24 by Cookiebot [#IABV2_TITLE#] [#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] Cookies are small text files that are stored on the user's device. Cookies are very common and are used on many websites. This is because cookies allow website operators to do useful things. For example, a cookie allows a website operator to know whether a device (and probably its user) has visited the website before. In general, cookies are used to improve a website’s operation and the user’s experience when using it, although cookies may also enable the receipt of marketing communications. On this website, with the user's consent, also technologies that allow "cross-device" tracking, i.e., allowing to analyze the user’s activities performed through different devices (e.g., computers and smartphones), may be used. Do not sell or share my personal information Deny Allow selection Customize Allow all Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics PRODOTTI SOLUZIONI CERCA Menu cerca null MyMapei MyMapei Area Logout MyMapei Accedi Seleziona la lingua ita English italiano PRODOTTI Naviga per LINEE DI PRODOTTO Tutte le linee di prodotto Cerca prodotti Libreria tecnica prodotti Prodotti in evidenza SOLUZIONI MAPEI PER I PROGETTISTI SOSTENIBILITÀ TOOLS & DOWNLOAD Vai a TOOLS & DOWNLOAD Strumenti Calcolatore fughe e sigillanti Progettazione pavimentazioni architettoniche di pietra Prescrizione Calcestruzzo Selettore fissaggi chimici, sigillanti ed adesivi elastici Mapetherm Planner Progetto Ceramica MAPECOAT TNS Colorizer Selettore prodotti per la pulizia, manutenzione e protezione delle superfici Documentazione Brochure, manuali, guide Libreria tecnica prodotti Selettore finiture murali e prodotti per l’isolamento termico Dichiarazioni di Prestazione dei prodotti Mapei non a catalogo LEED Tool LEED V4 Sinottico LEED Varie Fughe colorate e sigillanti Master Collection - Finiture colorate BIM 150 soluzioni Software di calcolo Mapei Structural Design Data Mapesilent Mapei Design Fix Applicazioni Mapei APP Fughe Mapei APP ASSISTENZA MAPEI ACADEMY Vai a MAPEI ACADEMY Video tutorial Video tecnici di approfondimento REALTÀ MAPEI MAGAZINE PROGETTI CHI SIAMO Vai a CHI SIAMO Storia Financial report Mapei in Italia Certificazioni e tecnologie Mapei Cultura e sport Specification Centre NEWS LAVORA CON NOI CONTATTI Dati societari MAPEI S.p.A. Con Socio Unico Sede legale: Via Cafiero, 22 - 20158 MILANO Tel. +39 02 37673.1 - Fax +39 02 37673.214 www.mapei.com - mapei@mapei.it Capitale Sociale Euro 100.000.000 interamente versato - Numero meccanografico MI 135323 C.F., P.I. e numero di iscrizione del Registro delle Imprese di Milano: 01649960158 C.C.I.A.A. Milano R.E.A.: 585.534 - Cod. Iso - IT 01649960158 Certificazioni ISO 9001, ISO 14001 e ISO 45001 Rimani in contatto Iscriviti alla nostra newsletter per essere sempre aggiornato sulle novità Mapei Iscriviti Iscriviti Home page Dati societari Seguici su Scarica le nostre app MAPEI APP APP FUGHE Contattaci Chiamaci +39-02-376731 Scrivi all'Assistenza Tecnica Accedi/Iscriviti MyMapei MyMapei Financial report Bilancio di sostenibilità Codice etico Modello 231 Whistleblowing PRIVACY DIRITTI INTERESSATI Area Media Area Ordini PRODOTTI Naviga per LINEE DI PRODOTTO Tutte le linee di prodotto Cerca prodotti Libreria tecnica prodotti Prodotti in evidenza SOLUZIONI MAPEI PER I PROGETTISTI SOSTENIBILITÀ TOOLS & DOWNLOAD Vai a TOOLS & DOWNLOAD Strumenti Documentazione LEED Varie Software di calcolo Applicazioni ASSISTENZA MAPEI ACADEMY Vai a MAPEI ACADEMY Video tutorial Video tecnici di approfondimento REALTÀ MAPEI MAGAZINE PROGETTI CHI SIAMO Vai a CHI SIAMO Storia Financial report Mapei in Italia NEWS LAVORA CON NOI CONTATTI Linee di prodotto Ceramica e pietra naturale Prodotti complementari per la posa Pulizia, manutenzione e protezione delle superfici Resilienti, LVT e tessili Pavimentazioni sportive Parquet Pavimentazioni cementizie e in resina Impermeabilizzanti Impermeabilizzanti per coperture Edilizia Sigillanti ed adesivi elastici Rinforzo strutturale Finiture murali colorate e protettive Isolamento termico Risanamento di edifici in muratura Isolamento acustico Additivi per calcestruzzo Pavimentazioni architettoniche in pietra Pavimentazioni in calcestruzzo architettonico Pavimentazioni industriali CFS Pavimentazioni bituminose Costruzioni in sotterraneo UTT Additivi di macinazione per cemento C-ADD Industria navale Profili per pavimenti e rivestimenti Copyright © 2024 MAPEI S.p.A. - Via Cafiero, 22 - Milano Italia - P.IVA 01649960158 - Dati societari - Termini e condizioni Privacy policy Cookie policy Preferenze Cookie Accessibilità Change Country cerca Accedi all’area MyMapei Utente registrato Se sei già registrato effettua il login Email Password Accedi Accedi Hai dimenticato la password? Nuovo Utente Registrati ora, potrai: Ricevere le nostre esclusive newsletter Salvare i tuoi prodotti, progetti e articoli preferiti Abbonarti alla rivista Realtà Mapei Scaricare software di calcolo Iscriverti ai Seminari / Convegni Utilizzare lo strumento Progetto Ceramica Registrati Registrati

Mapei S.p.A | Contact Mapei | Mapei | Mapei Powered by Cookiebot Consent Details [#IABV2SETTINGS#] About This website uses cookies On this website cookies and other tracking tools that collect information from your device are used. In addition to technical cookies, which are strictly necessary for the operation of this website, aggregate analytics cookies are used. Subject to your consent, analytics and statistics cookies, functionality cookies and marketing and profiling cookies (including social media cookies), which may also allow tracking of your activities across multiple devices (cross-device), are also used. You can click on "Allow all" to accept all the cookie categories or decide which cookies and technologies to accept by clicking on "Customize". If you simply close this banner, reject cookies, or continue browsing, only technical and aggregated analytics cookies will be installed. For more details, please see our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy sections on the website footer. Consent Selection Cookie List Technical and aggregated analytics Functionality Analytics and statistics Marketing and profiling Show details Cookie List Technical and aggregated analytics 41 Technical cookies help us to make a website useful by enabling basic functions such as page navigation, setting privacy preferences and accessing or filling in forms. The website may not work correctly without technical cookies. Moreover, aggregated analytics cookies enable us to count visits and traffic sources so that we can measure and improve the performance of our website. They also help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and to see how visitors move around the site.  Aggregated analyses performed on visits never present information from which your identity can be traced. Bimobject 2 Learn more about this provider cf_clearance This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP ASP.NET_SessionId Preserves the visitor's session state across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider 1.gif Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Google 6 Learn more about this provider test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML _gat Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _gid Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _set_cookie This cookie determines whether the browser accepts cookies. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel JotForm 1 Learn more about this provider JOTFORM_SESSION Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP bscookie This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Mapei 3 Learn more about this provider PHPSESSID [x3] Preserves user session state across page requests. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Qq.com 1 Learn more about this provider kv Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider _cfuvid Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP bimobject.com vimeo.com 2 __cf_bm [x2] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP cdn.howuku.com 3 pageview Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP poll_session_seen Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP unique_session Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP cdnmedia.mapei.com consent.cookiebot.com 2 CookieConsent [x2] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP certid.it 2 incap_ses_# Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP visid_incap_# Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP construccionyrehabilitacion.com 1 firebase:host:#.firebaseio.com Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML cwdlatest.botoffice.net nr-data.net 2 JSESSIONID [x2] Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP leadaki.com 2 PLAY_LANG Stores the user's preferences Expiry : Session Type : HTTP PLAY_SESSION Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP node.certid.it 1 io Preserves user session state across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP sgtm.mapei.com 4 _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP cookie_consent_marketing Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML cookie_consent_statistics Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML vm.gtimg.cn 4 _qimei_fingerprint Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _qimei_h38 Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _qimei_q36 Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _qimei_uuid42 Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP www.mapei.com 1 portalNavigation Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Functionality 5 These cookies enable the website to provide advanced functionalities and customizations that allow the navigation based on several elements (e.g., language, selected for purchase products) in order to improve the service. If these cookies are not active some or all the services of the website may not work correctly. These cookies may be set by us or by third parties whose services have been integrated into our website’s pages. bot.leadoo.com 3 ld_#_open_time Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML ld_session_id Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML ld_session_origin Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML construccionyrehabilitacion.com 1 firebaseLocalStorageDb#firebaseLocalStorage Facilitates the notification function within the chatbox, allowing the website’s support team to notify the user, when a reply has been given in the chatbox. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB cwdlatest.botoffice.net 1 TAB-ROUTING Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Analytics and statistics 66 Analytics and statistics cookies collect information about the users who visit our website and their web browsing. For example, they collect data that helps us to identify users accessing our website, allow us to see which pages are the most often visited, whether users receive error messages, and how users arrived at our website. These cookies are used to measure and improve the performance of our website and are sometimes sent by third parties who provide web traffic and analytics services. Your consent is required for the use of such cookies. Appnexus 1 Learn more about this provider bounce Determines if a user leaves the website straight away. This information is used for internal statistics and analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Azure 1 Learn more about this provider msd365mkttrs Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Cliengo 7 Learn more about this provider ldkInit Pending Expiry : 116 days Type : HTTP _clgoNavHistory Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML gadsSnippetsundefinedundefined Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML initialMessageWithQuickReplies Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML userHasInteracted Used to connect with Cliengo Chatbot Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP userHasInteractedwww.mapei.com/ Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML ldkRefererTracking Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Google 3 Learn more about this provider collect Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel botmaker_auth_MQNKFPXGF6 Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Hotjar 5 Learn more about this provider hjActiveViewportIds This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML hjViewportId Saves the user's screen size in order to adjust the size of images on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTML _hjSession_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _hjSessionUser_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _hjTLDTest Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP JotForm 1 Learn more about this provider guest Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider AnalyticsSyncHistory Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP Microsoft 7 Learn more about this provider c.gif Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel MR [x2] Indicates whether to refresh MUID. Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _clsk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _cltk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTML CLID Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Neustar 1 Learn more about this provider ab This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Qq.com 15 Learn more about this provider __BEACON_#_4.5.#-web_direct_log_id Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_0AND0F8T5N4N7QT0_is_new_user Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_0AND0F8T5N4N7QT0_last_report_time Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_0AND0F8T5N4N7QT0_logid_start Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_0AND0F8T5N4N7QT0_sending_event_ids Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_0AND0F8T5N4N7QT0_session_storage_key Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_deviceId Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Beacon_0WEB0QEJW44KW5A5_V3#event_table_v3 Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB _qimei_config_0WEB05IY85DVOASP Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _qimei_fingerprint Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _qimei_h38 Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _qimei_last_get_id_time_0WEB05IY85DVOASP Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _qimei_q36 Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _qimei_ssid Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTML _qimei_uuid42 Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Tiktok 1 Learn more about this provider _tt_enable_cookie Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider personalization_id This cookie is set by Twitter - The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website onto their Twitter profile. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP YouTube 1 Learn more about this provider sentryReplaySession Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Session Type : HTML acsbapp.com 1 acsb:logs Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML botmaker.com 1 botmaker_auth Pending Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP cdn.howuku.com 3 created_at Contains the date of the visitor's first visit to the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP first_session Determines whether the user is new or returning, in order to display relevant ads by matching preferences from potential earlier visits. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP howuku_session Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP cwdlatest.botoffice.net 1 tab-uid Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP fe.certid.it 5 _ttwu Pending Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _ttwus Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP fe.certid.it Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _tteu Pending Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _tteus Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP leadaki.com 2 PLAY_ERRORS Stores the user's preferences Expiry : Session Type : HTTP PLAY_FLASH Stores the user's preferences Expiry : Session Type : HTTP mapei.com 4 FPAU Assigns a specific ID to the visitor. This allows the website to determine the number of specific user-visits for analysis and statistics. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP FPGSID Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP FPID Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP FPLC Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP sgtm.mapei.com 1 gtmBrowserId This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has visited the website before, or if it is a new visitor on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML www.mapei.com 2 sf-prs-lu Detects and stores which landing page was presented to the user. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP sf-prs-ss Sets a timestamp for when the visitor entered the website. This is used for analytical purposes on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Marketing and profiling 126 Marketing and profiling cookies are used for remarketing activities (i.e., to conduct advertising activities towards users who have visited the website), for tracking the user's web browsing and for creating profiles on the user’s preferences, habits, choices, etc. These cookies, if are third parties’ cookies, may also show you relevant contents and advertisements on other websites.  These cookies also include social media cookies, that are used for enabling you to share our contents on social media. If a user interacts with plug-ins, e.g., by clicking the Facebook "Like" button or posting a comment while logged into his/her social media account (e.g., Facebook, Pinterest, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram), the user links the website content to his/her social media profile. In such a way, the social media can associate a user's visit or the detected interests with the user's social media account. For more information on the data transmission, please refer to the privacy policy of the social media outlet of interest. Disabling these cookies may result in content not being shared on social media. Meta Platforms, Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP 1rx.io unrulymedia.com 2 _rxuuid [x2] Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Adform 2 Learn more about this provider C Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP uid Registers a unique user ID that recognises the user's browser when visiting websites that use the same ad network. The purpose is to optimise display of ads based on the user's movements and various ad providers' bids for displaying user ads. Expiry : 2 months Type : HTTP Amazon 1 Learn more about this provider __trf.src Registers how the user has reached the website to enable pay-out of referral commission fees to partners. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Appnexus 3 Learn more about this provider anj Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP uuid2 Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP XANDR_PANID This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP Azure 1 Learn more about this provider msd365mkttr Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Beachfront 2 Learn more about this provider __#_cid Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP __io_cid Used in conjunction with video-advertisement - Detects where on the website the video-advertisements should be displayed. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Bluekai.com 3 Learn more about this provider bkpa Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 6 months Type : HTTP bku Registers anonymised user data, such as IP address, geographical location, visited websites, and what ads the user has clicked, with the purpose of optimising ad display based on the user's movement on websites that use the same ad network. Expiry : 6 months Type : HTTP site/# Pending Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Datonics 3 Learn more about this provider anHistory Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP anProfile Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP engine Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Google 12 Learn more about this provider IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP pagead/landing [x2] Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel pagead/viewthroughconversion/950803353/ Pending Expiry : Session Type : Pixel ads/ga-audiences Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel NID Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Expiry : 6 months Type : HTTP pagead/1p-conversion/#/ Pending Expiry : Session Type : Pixel pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel #,# Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML #,#_expiresAt Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _auKCMam4ZEBENOV4YYD,34933435050 Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _auKCMam4ZEBENOV4YYD,34933435050_expiresAt Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML JotForm 1 Learn more about this provider userReferer Determines how the user accessed the website. This information is used by the website operator in order to measure the efficiency of their marketing. Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP LinkedIn 5 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP li_sugr Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP lidc Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP UserMatchHistory Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP li_adsId Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Microsoft 12 Learn more about this provider #{8}-#{4}-#{4}-#{4}-#{12} Used to generate a unique ID Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML MUID [x2] Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP SRM_B Tracks the user’s interaction with the website’s search-bar-function. This data can be used to present the user with relevant products or services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP ANONCHK Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP SM Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device during return visits across websites that use the same ad network. The ID is used to allow targeted ads. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Neustar 1 Learn more about this provider u Collects data on user visits to the website, such as what pages have been accessed. The registered data is used to categorise the user's interest and demographic profiles in terms of resales for targeted marketing. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Openx 1 Learn more about this provider w/1.0/sd Registers data on visitors such as IP addresses, geographical location and advertisement interaction. This information is used optimize the advertisement on websites that make use of OpenX.net services. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel OptiMonk 2 Learn more about this provider OptiMonkVisitorAttributes Implements pop-up advertisement on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML optiMonkClientId Collects information on what products the visitor has viewed and the content of the shopping-cart. This is used to increase the website's conversion rate through targeted advertisement and product promotions through emails. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Qq.com 9 Learn more about this provider __BEACON_0WEB0QEJW44KW5A5_is_new_user Collects data on visitor interaction with the website's video-content. This data is used to make the website's video-content more relevant towards the visitor. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_0WEB0QEJW44KW5A5_last_report_time Collects data on visitor interaction with the website's video-content. This data is used to make the website's video-content more relevant towards the visitor. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_0WEB0QEJW44KW5A5_logid_start Collects data on visitor interaction with the website's video-content. This data is used to make the website's video-content more relevant towards the visitor. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_0WEB0QEJW44KW5A5_sending_event_ids Collects data on visitor interaction with the website's video-content. This data is used to make the website's video-content more relevant towards the visitor. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_0WEB0QEJW44KW5A5_session_storage_key Collects data on visitor interaction with the website's video-content. This data is used to make the website's video-content more relevant towards the visitor. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML tgw_l7_route Stores user and behavior data when viewing embedded videos from the provider qq.com. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP thumbplayer-offline-db-cleanup-state Collects data such as visitors' IP address, geographical location and website navigation - This information is used for internal optimization and statistics for the website's operator. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML thumbplayer-offline-log-3#log-content Collects data such as visitors' IP address, geographical location and website navigation - This information is used for internal optimization and statistics for the website's operator. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB thumbplayer-offline-log-3#log-info Collects data such as visitors' IP address, geographical location and website navigation - This information is used for internal optimization and statistics for the website's operator. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB Simpli.fi 4 Learn more about this provider suid Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP suid_legacy Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP uid_syncd Registers user behaviour and navigation on the website, and any interaction with active campaigns. This is used for optimizing advertisement and for efficient retargeting. Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP uid_syncd_secure Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP Spotify 2 Learn more about this provider sp_landing Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP sp_t Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Tapad 4 Learn more about this provider idsync/ex/receive/check This cookie is set by the audience manager of the website to determine the time and frequencies of visitor data synchronization - cookie data synchronization is used to synchronize and gather visitor data from several websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel TapAd_3WAY_SYNCS Used for data-synchronization with advertisement networks. Expiry : 2 months Type : HTTP TapAd_DID Used to determine what type of devices (smartphones, tablets, computers, TVs etc.) is used by a user. Expiry : 2 months Type : HTTP TapAd_TS Used to determine what type of devices (smartphones, tablets, computers, TVs etc.) is used by a user. Expiry : 2 months Type : HTTP Tiktok 5 Learn more about this provider tt_appInfo Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : Session Type : HTML tt_pixel_session_index Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : Session Type : HTML tt_sessionId Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : Session Type : HTML _ttp [x2] Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Triplelift 1 Learn more about this provider xuid Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Twitter Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider i/adsct [x2] The cookie is used by Twitter.com in order to determine the number of visitors accessing the website through Twitter advertisement content. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel muc_ads Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP Yahoo 1 Learn more about this provider A3 Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP YouTube 37 Learn more about this provider #-# [x2] Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTML iU5q-!O9@[#COOKIETABLE_ADVERTISING#]nbsp;[x2] Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTML LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP nextId [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP requests [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP yt.innertube::nextId [x2] Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML YtIdbMeta#databases [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB yt-remote-cast-available [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-cast-installed [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-connected-devices [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-device-id [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-app [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-name [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP adform.net adnxs.com doubleclick.net 3 receive-cookie-deprecation [x3] Pending Expiry : 2 months Type : HTTP bot.leadoo.com 1 ld_env Determines how the user accessed the website. This information is used by the website operator in order to measure the efficiency of their marketing. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML fe.certid.it 1 ___utmvc Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP sgtm.mapei.com 1 _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP Unclassified 0 Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. We do not use cookies of this type. Cross-domain consent [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] [#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#] List of domains your consent applies to: [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#] Cookie declaration last updated on 3/27/24 by Cookiebot [#IABV2_TITLE#] [#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] Cookies are small text files that are stored on the user's device. Cookies are very common and are used on many websites. This is because cookies allow website operators to do useful things. For example, a cookie allows a website operator to know whether a device (and probably its user) has visited the website before. In general, cookies are used to improve a website’s operation and the user’s experience when using it, although cookies may also enable the receipt of marketing communications. On this website, with the user's consent, also technologies that allow "cross-device" tracking, i.e., allowing to analyze the user’s activities performed through different devices (e.g., computers and smartphones), may be used. Do not sell or share my personal information Deny Allow selection Customize Allow all Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics Products Solutions SEARCH Menu Search null MyMapei MyMapei Area Logout MyMapei Login Select language eng English italiano Products Browse by PRODUCT LINES All product lines Search products Product information library In the spotlight SOLUTIONS MAPEI FOR DESIGNERS SUSTAINABILITY TOOLS & DOWNLOADS Go to TOOLS & DOWNLOADS Tools Grouts and sealants calculator Concrete specification Product selector for chemical anchors, elastic sealants and adhesives MAPECOAT TNS Colorizer Product selector for cleaning, maintaining and protecting surfaces Documentations Brochures, manuals, guides Product information library Wall finishing and thermal insulation products selector DoP for out of web-catalogue products LEED LEED V4 calculator LEED synoptic Miscellaneous Coloured grouts and sealants Master Collection - Wall coatings BIM Calculation software Mapei Structural Design Data Mapesilent Mapei Design Fix Applications Mapei APP Mapei Grouts APP TECHNICAL SERVICE MAPEI ACADEMY Go to MAPEI ACADEMY Video tutorial Technical explainer videos REALTÀ MAPEI MAGAZINE PROJECTS ABOUT US Go to ABOUT US Our History Financial report Mapei in Italy Certifications and Mapei technologies Culture and sport Specification Centre NEWS WORK WITH US CONTACT US Contacts Contacts Mapei S.p.A. Italia Find out the various locations of Mapei S.p.A. in Italy and send us a message directly using this form. Get a copy of the most recent Price List from our Commercial Office or contact the Technical Services team to request support on site or during design work and to receive more information about Mapei Products and Solutions CONTACT THE TECHNICAL AND COMMERCIAL SUPPORT Offices Mapei SpA - Jenner Address Viale Jenner, 4, 20159, Milano,  Italy Phone +39 02376731 Fax +39 0237673214 Email mapei@mapei.it Url http://www.mapei.it Find us on Google Maps Mapei Spa - Lecce branch Address Via Adriatica, 2/B - angolo viale Porta d'Europa, 73100, Lecce,  Italy Phone +39 0832246551 Fax +39 0832248472 Email mapei@mapei.it Url http://www.mapei.it Find us on Google Maps Mapei SpA - Rome branch Address Viale Libano, 62, 00144, Roma,  Italy Phone +39 065929211 Fax +39 0659290337 Email info@mapei.com Url http://www.mapei.it Find us on Google Maps Mapei SpA - Civitanova Marche Address viale San Luigi Versiglia 38/40, 62012, Civitanova Marche (MC),  Italy Phone +39  0733 814534 Email ufficio.civitanova@mapei.it Url http://www.mapei.it Find us on Google Maps Mapei SpA - Pisa Address Via di Gargalone 9, 56121, Pisa,  Italy Email r.aiazzi@mapei.it Url http://www.mapei.it Find us on Google Maps Plants Mapei SpA - Mediglia Address Strada Provinciale Bettola - Sordio 159, 1, 20060, Mapei Robbiano di Mediglia,  Italy Phone +39 02906911 Fax +39 0290660575 Email info@mapei.com Url http://www.mapei.it Find us on Google Maps Mapei SpA - Latina plant Address Via Mediana S.S.148, km 81,3, 04100, Latina,  Italy Phone +39 07732548 Fax +39 0773250391 Email info@mapei.com Url http://www.mapei.it Find us on Google Maps Mapei SpA - S. Cesario sul Panaro Address Via dell’Industria 2/4, 41018, San Cesario sul Panaro,  Italy Find us on Google Maps Distribution Centers Mapei Spa - Sassuolo branch Address Via Valle D'Aosta 46, 41049, Sassuolo,  Italy Phone +39 0536803116 Fax +39 0536805255 Email mapei@mapei.it Url http://www.mapei.it Find us on Google Maps Headquarters Mapei SpA - Cafiero Address Via Cafiero, 22, 20158, Milano,  Italy Phone +39 02376731 Fax +39 0237673214 Email mapei@mapei.it Url http://www.mapei.it Find us on Google Maps Discover Mapei branch offices and plants around the world Keep in touch Subscribe to our newsletter to get Mapei news SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE Home page Contact us Follow us Download our apps MAPEI APP GROUT APP Contact us Call us +39-02-376731 Write to our technical service Login/Register MyMapei MyMapei Financial report Sustainability report Code of ethics Model 231 Whistleblowing PRIVACY Data Subject Rights Media Area Order area Products Browse by PRODUCT LINES All product lines Search products Product information library In the spotlight SOLUTIONS MAPEI FOR DESIGNERS SUSTAINABILITY TOOLS & DOWNLOADS Go to TOOLS & DOWNLOADS Tools Documentations LEED Miscellaneous Calculation software Applications TECHNICAL SERVICE MAPEI ACADEMY Go to MAPEI ACADEMY Video tutorial Technical explainer videos REALTÀ MAPEI MAGAZINE PROJECTS ABOUT US Go to ABOUT US Our History Financial report Mapei in Italy NEWS WORK WITH US CONTACT US Product lines Ceramics and stone material Complementary products and tools Cleaning, maintaining and protecting surfaces Resilient, LVT and textile materials Sports flooring Wooden flooring Cementitious and resin flooring Waterproofing Roof waterproofing Building Elastic sealants and adhesives Structural strengthening Wall protective and decorative coatings Thermal insulation Masonry restoration Acoustic insulation Admixtures for concrete Architectural stone paving Architectural exposed aggregate concrete surfaces CFS industrial flooring Asphalt pavements Underground constructions (UTT) Cement additives (C-ADD) Marine industry Profiles for floors and coverings Copyright © 2024 MAPEI S.p.A. - Via Cafiero, 22 - Milan Italy - P.IVA 01649960158 - Company data - Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookie policy Cookies Preferences Change Country Search Login to MyMapei Area Registered user Log in if you are already registered Email Password Login Login Forgot password? New User Register now, you can: Receive our exclusive Newsletters Save your favourite products, projects and articles Subscribe to Realtà Mapei Magazine Download calculation software Sign up for  Seminars / Conventions Use the ‘Ceramic Project’ tool Sign up Sign up

Mapei - Wikipedia [ nascondi ] Libera la cultura. Dona il tuo 5×1000 a Wikimedia Italia . Scrivi 94039910156. Mapei Da Wikipedia, l'enciclopedia libera. Vai alla navigazione Vai alla ricerca Disambiguazione – Se stai cercando altri significati, vedi Mapei (disambigua) . Mapei Logo Stato Italia Forma societaria Società per azioni Fondazione 1937 a Milano Fondata da Rodolfo Squinzi Sede principale Milano Persone chiave Laura Giovanna Squinzi presidente Marco Squinzi amministratore delegato Veronica Squinzi amministratore delegato Simona Giorgetta membro Consiglio d'Amministrazione Settore Materiali chimici per l'edilizia Prodotti Adesivi, sigillanti, prodotti chimici per edilizia Fatturato 3 977,2 milioni di € (2022) Utile netto 156,7 milioni di € (2022) Dipendenti 11 914 (2022) Slogan «È tutto OK con Mapei» Sito web www.mapei.it Modifica dati su Wikidata · Manuale Mapei S.p.A. è un gruppo multinazionale italiano, tra i maggiori produttori mondiali di prodotti chimici per l’ edilizia , con una presenza in tutti e cinque i continenti e 4 miliardi di euro di fatturato consolidato nel 2022. Grazie alla propria vocazione all’innovazione e a un continuo lavoro di ricerca, propone soluzioni di qualità, durevoli e attente al pianeta e alle persone per un’edilizia sempre più sostenibile. Indice 1 Storia 2 Attività 3 Impegno nel sociale 4 Note 5 Bibliografia 6 Voci correlate 7 Altri progetti 8 Collegamenti esterni Storia [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] Nel 1937 Rodolfo Squinzi fonda a Milano, dove ha tuttora il quartier generale, Mapei ( Materiali Ausiliari per l’Edilizia e l’Industria) dedicata alla produzione di pitture. Successivamente l’azienda inizia a dedicarsi alla produzione di adesivi e prodotti per la posa di materiali resilienti e piastrelle ceramiche. L’ingresso in azienda di Giorgio Squinzi [1] , chimico industriale figlio di Rodolfo, contribuisce alla crescita e al successo di Mapei. Grazie al suo contributo si amplia l’offerta di prodotti e inizia la prima fase di internazionalizzazione con l’apertura nel 1978 del primo stabilimento in Canada a Laval. Giorgio Squinzi diviene Amministratore Unico di Mapei nel 1984. Con le sue importanti intuizioni e con il sostegno della sorella Laura, avvocato, che gestisce gli aspetti legali e societari, condividendo strategie e nuovi investimenti, segna un nuovo capitolo per lo sviluppo della società portandola ad una dimensione internazionale. Fondamentale anche il contributo di Adriana Spazzoli, direttore Marketing e Comunicazione Mapei fino al 2019, nel curare le attività di Comunicazione e Marketing aumentando la notorietà del marchio in tutto il mondo, anche attraverso iniziative di sponsorizzazione sportiva. Nel 2019 assumono la direzione del Gruppo come Amministratori Delegati i figli Veronica e Marco, in azienda dalla seconda metà degli anni ’90. Nel Consiglio di Amministrazione Mapei figurano anche Laura Squinzi, in qualità di Presidente, e Simona Giorgetta, membro del CdA. Coerenti con la strategia di crescita che ha sempre contraddistinto la storia di Mapei, Marco e Veronica Squinzi guidano l’azienda in una nuova fase ampliando l’offerta di prodotti e portando avanti l’espansione del Gruppo in tutto il mondo [2] . Attività [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] Mapei è presente nel mercato dell’edilizia con un’offerta completa composta da oltre 25 linee di prodotto per soddisfare tutte le esigenze del costruire: dalla posa di ceramica a quella dei resilienti, dagli additivi per calcestruzzo ai sistemi di isolamento termico e acustico, dalle soluzioni per il rinforzo strutturale a quelle per il recupero fino ad arrivare ai prodotti per nicchie di mercato quali gli additivi di macinazione per le cementerie, i sistemi per le gallerie, le strade e le opere in sotterraneo, le soluzioni per l’industria navale. Grazie alla qualità dei suoi prodotti, al servizio di assistenza tecnica e consulenza sui cantieri, particolarmente apprezzato da progettisti e professionisti, Mapei è partner in migliaia di progetti nel mondo, dalle grandi infrastrutture agli edifici iconici. Motore della crescita di Mapei è anche l’attività di Ricerca & Sviluppo alla quale il Gruppo dedica importanti sforzi in termini di investimenti e di risorse. Il Centro di Ricerca Corporate di Milano coordina il lavoro degli oltre 30 laboratori R&S di tutto il mondo e svolge la funzione di Laboratorio di analisi centrale. I centri, dotati di strumenti all'avanguardia, collaborano costantemente con Università e Istituti di Ricerca scientifica e industriale in tutto il mondo. Negli anni Mapei ha contribuito alla realizzazione delle più importanti opere architettoniche e infrastrutturali a livello globale. In Italia, tra i tanti progetti, ha partecipato alla realizzazione del ponte San Giorgio di Genova, al restauro del Teatro alla Scala di Milano, al progetto MIND – Milan Innovation District. Nel mondo ha preso parte ai lavori del Museo Guggenheim di New York, dell’iconico Museo Louvre di Abu Dhabi. Ha lavorato per le Petronas Twin Towers a Kuala Lumpur; l’avveniristico aeroporto di Singapore Jewel Changi . Il Canale di Panama , l’opera ingegneristica più ambiziosa al mondo; la metro di Riyadh in Arabia Saudita, considerato il più grande sistema di trasporto pubblico al mondo. Impegno nel sociale [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] Mapei sostiene numerose realtà, istituzioni e manifestazioni considerando il supporto alla cultura e allo sport espressione del proprio impegno verso le persone e il territorio. Consapevole che la cultura rappresenta il fondamento e l’identità di una comunità, Mapei si è sempre impegnata nel sostegno concreto alle più importanti istituzioni con il coinvolgimento in progetti di realizzazione o rispristino di luoghi d’arte in tutto il mondo – come il Museo Solomon R. Guggenheim di New York, la Sacrestia Aquilonare del Duomo di Milano e il Teatro San Carlo di Napoli – che, a volte, ha dato origine anche a un lavoro di collaborazione e supporto continuativo. Dal 2008 Mapei è Fondatore Permanente del Teatro alla Scala di Milano e dal 2016 al 2019 Giorgio Squinzi ha fatto parte del Consiglio di Amministrazione. Dal 2016 collabora con la Veneranda Fabbrica del Duomo del Milano e ha aderito ai progetti “Adotta una Guglia” e “Adotta una statua”. Tra le tante realtà che conosce e supporta, è al fianco della Collezione Peggy Guggenheim , aderendo al Progetto Guggenheim Intrapresae, e del Museo Civico San Domenico di Forlì, partecipando come Partner a grandi esposizioni di rilievo internazionale. Con l’impegno nello sport, in particolare calcio e ciclismo , sia a livello professionale che amatoriale, Mapei promuove quei valori che fanno parte del suo DNA come il talento, il lavoro di squadra, l’entusiasmo, la grinta e la perseveranza nell’affrontare nuove sfide. La prima avventura nel mondo dello sport inizia nel 1993 con la sponsorizzazione di una squadra professionistica di ciclismo che è stata al vertice di tutte le graduatorie internazionali per molti anni, totalizzando 654 vittorie [3] . Questa esperienza porta il marchio Mapei a essere conosciuto e riconoscibile in tutto il mondo, anche grazie all’identità visiva del team, da tutti identificata come la squadra dei cubetti per il motivo rappresentato su pantaloncini e maglie. Una piccola rivoluzione colorata nell’abbigliamento di questo sport. La sponsorizzazione della squadra di ciclismo termina nel 2002, ma Mapei continua a essere vicina a questo sport sostenendo eventi di rilevanza internazionale. Dal 2008 il Gruppo è Main Partner dell’ Union Cycliste Internationale per i Campionati del Mondo di Ciclismo su Strada. Dal 2003 è proprietario dell’ U.S. Sassuolo Calcio , la squadra della città simbolo del distretto della ceramica. Per supportare l’attività della squadra nel 2013 l’azienda ha acquistato lo stadio di Reggio Emilia , che ha preso il nome di Mapei Stadium , un esempio nel settore dell’impiantistica sportiva nazionale ed internazionale, e nel 2019 ha inaugurato il Centro Sportivo Mapei Football Center , uno dei più moderni centri sportivi d’Europa. Il Gruppo supporta anche il Centro Ricerche Mapei Sport, nato nel 1996 per supportare con razionalità scientifica e con un corretto approccio etico gli atleti della squadra ciclistica professionistica Mapei. Il Centro svolge attività di ricerca scientifica e fornisce assistenza agli atleti di ogni livello al fine di migliorare la loro prestazione attraverso programmi di allenamento e valutazione biomeccanica individuale. Note [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] ^ Squinzi, Giorgio - Treccani , su Treccani . URL consultato il 19 marzo 2024 . ^ Alessandra Puato, Mapei sopra i 3 miliardi, Veronica e Marco Squinzi: «Apriamo 6 nuove fabbriche » , su Corriere della Sera , 7 maggio 2022. URL consultato il 19 marzo 2024 . ^ Veronica Squinzi e l'eredità Mapei: "Dalla Roubaix '96 all'Europeo targato Sassuolo" , su La Gazzetta dello Sport , 23 settembre 2021. URL consultato il 19 marzo 2024 . Bibliografia [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] Alberto Mazzuca, Giorgio Squinzi, l'uomo che tiene incollato il mondo in I numeri uno del made in Italy , Milano, Baldini Castoldi Dalai, 2006. ISBN 88-8490-796-9 Voci correlate [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] Giorgio Squinzi Vinavil Mapei Sport Mapei Stadium - Città del Tricolore Altri progetti [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] Altri progetti Wikimedia Commons Wikimedia Commons contiene immagini o altri file su Mapei Collegamenti esterni [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] Sito ufficiale , su mapei.com . Portale Aziende Portale Chimica Estratto da " https://it.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mapei&oldid=138775754 " Categorie : Aziende fondate nel 1937 Gruppo Mapei Categorie nascoste: Pagine con argomenti di formatnum non numerici P112 assente su Wikidata P154 letta da Wikidata P159 letta da Wikidata P856 differente su Wikidata P856 letta da Wikidata Pagine che utilizzano collegamenti magici ISBN Menu di navigazione Strumenti personali Accesso non effettuato discussioni contributi registrati entra Namespace Voce Discussione italiano Visite Leggi Modifica Modifica wikitesto Cronologia Altro Ricerca Navigazione Pagina principale Ultime modifiche Una voce a caso Nelle vicinanze Vetrina Aiuto Sportello informazioni Comunità Portale Comunità Bar Il Wikipediano Fai una donazione Contatti Strumenti Puntano qui Modifiche correlate Carica su Commons Pagine speciali Link permanente Informazioni pagina Cita questa voce Ottieni URL breve Scarica codice QR Elemento Wikidata Stampa/esporta Crea un libro Scarica come PDF Versione stampabile In altri progetti Wikimedia Commons In altre lingue Català Čeština Deutsch English Español فارسی Français 日本語 Nederlands Norsk bokmål Polski Română Русский Српски / srpski Українська 中文 Modifica collegamenti Questa pagina è stata modificata per l'ultima volta l'11 apr 2024 alle 18:17. Il testo è disponibile secondo la licenza Creative Commons Attribuzione-Condividi allo stesso modo ; possono applicarsi condizioni ulteriori. Vedi le condizioni d'uso per i dettagli. Informativa sulla privacy Informazioni su Wikipedia Avvertenze Codice di condotta Sviluppatori Statistiche Dichiarazione sui cookie Versione mobile

Mapei in Italy | Mapei Powered by Cookiebot Consent Details [#IABV2SETTINGS#] About This website uses cookies On this website cookies and other tracking tools that collect information from your device are used. In addition to technical cookies, which are strictly necessary for the operation of this website, aggregate analytics cookies are used. Subject to your consent, analytics and statistics cookies, functionality cookies and marketing and profiling cookies (including social media cookies), which may also allow tracking of your activities across multiple devices (cross-device), are also used. You can click on "Allow all" to accept all the cookie categories or decide which cookies and technologies to accept by clicking on "Customize". If you simply close this banner, reject cookies, or continue browsing, only technical and aggregated analytics cookies will be installed. For more details, please see our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy sections on the website footer. Consent Selection Cookie List Technical and aggregated analytics Functionality Analytics and statistics Marketing and profiling Show details Cookie List Technical and aggregated analytics 41 Technical cookies help us to make a website useful by enabling basic functions such as page navigation, setting privacy preferences and accessing or filling in forms. The website may not work correctly without technical cookies. Moreover, aggregated analytics cookies enable us to count visits and traffic sources so that we can measure and improve the performance of our website. They also help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and to see how visitors move around the site.  Aggregated analyses performed on visits never present information from which your identity can be traced. Bimobject 2 Learn more about this provider cf_clearance This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP ASP.NET_SessionId Preserves the visitor's session state across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider 1.gif Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Google 6 Learn more about this provider test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML _gat Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _gid Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _set_cookie This cookie determines whether the browser accepts cookies. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel JotForm 1 Learn more about this provider JOTFORM_SESSION Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP bscookie This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Mapei 3 Learn more about this provider PHPSESSID [x3] Preserves user session state across page requests. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Qq.com 1 Learn more about this provider kv Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider _cfuvid Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP bimobject.com vimeo.com 2 __cf_bm [x2] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP cdn.howuku.com 3 pageview Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP poll_session_seen Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP unique_session Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP cdnmedia.mapei.com consent.cookiebot.com 2 CookieConsent [x2] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP certid.it 2 incap_ses_# Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP visid_incap_# Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP construccionyrehabilitacion.com 1 firebase:host:#.firebaseio.com Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML cwdlatest.botoffice.net nr-data.net 2 JSESSIONID [x2] Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP leadaki.com 2 PLAY_LANG Stores the user's preferences Expiry : Session Type : HTTP PLAY_SESSION Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP node.certid.it 1 io Preserves user session state across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP sgtm.mapei.com 4 _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP cookie_consent_marketing Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML cookie_consent_statistics Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML vm.gtimg.cn 4 _qimei_fingerprint Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _qimei_h38 Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _qimei_q36 Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _qimei_uuid42 Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP www.mapei.com 1 portalNavigation Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Functionality 5 These cookies enable the website to provide advanced functionalities and customizations that allow the navigation based on several elements (e.g., language, selected for purchase products) in order to improve the service. If these cookies are not active some or all the services of the website may not work correctly. These cookies may be set by us or by third parties whose services have been integrated into our website’s pages. bot.leadoo.com 3 ld_#_open_time Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML ld_session_id Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML ld_session_origin Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML construccionyrehabilitacion.com 1 firebaseLocalStorageDb#firebaseLocalStorage Facilitates the notification function within the chatbox, allowing the website’s support team to notify the user, when a reply has been given in the chatbox. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB cwdlatest.botoffice.net 1 TAB-ROUTING Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Analytics and statistics 66 Analytics and statistics cookies collect information about the users who visit our website and their web browsing. For example, they collect data that helps us to identify users accessing our website, allow us to see which pages are the most often visited, whether users receive error messages, and how users arrived at our website. These cookies are used to measure and improve the performance of our website and are sometimes sent by third parties who provide web traffic and analytics services. Your consent is required for the use of such cookies. Appnexus 1 Learn more about this provider bounce Determines if a user leaves the website straight away. This information is used for internal statistics and analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Azure 1 Learn more about this provider msd365mkttrs Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Cliengo 7 Learn more about this provider ldkInit Pending Expiry : 116 days Type : HTTP _clgoNavHistory Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML gadsSnippetsundefinedundefined Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML initialMessageWithQuickReplies Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML userHasInteracted Used to connect with Cliengo Chatbot Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP userHasInteractedwww.mapei.com/ Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML ldkRefererTracking Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Google 3 Learn more about this provider collect Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel botmaker_auth_MQNKFPXGF6 Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Hotjar 5 Learn more about this provider hjActiveViewportIds This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML hjViewportId Saves the user's screen size in order to adjust the size of images on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTML _hjSession_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _hjSessionUser_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _hjTLDTest Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP JotForm 1 Learn more about this provider guest Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider AnalyticsSyncHistory Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP Microsoft 7 Learn more about this provider c.gif Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel MR [x2] Indicates whether to refresh MUID. Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _clsk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _cltk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTML CLID Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Neustar 1 Learn more about this provider ab This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Qq.com 15 Learn more about this provider __BEACON_#_4.5.#-web_direct_log_id Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_0AND0F8T5N4N7QT0_is_new_user Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_0AND0F8T5N4N7QT0_last_report_time Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_0AND0F8T5N4N7QT0_logid_start Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_0AND0F8T5N4N7QT0_sending_event_ids Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_0AND0F8T5N4N7QT0_session_storage_key Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_deviceId Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Beacon_0WEB0QEJW44KW5A5_V3#event_table_v3 Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB _qimei_config_0WEB05IY85DVOASP Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _qimei_fingerprint Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _qimei_h38 Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _qimei_last_get_id_time_0WEB05IY85DVOASP Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _qimei_q36 Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _qimei_ssid Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTML _qimei_uuid42 Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Tiktok 1 Learn more about this provider _tt_enable_cookie Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider personalization_id This cookie is set by Twitter - The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website onto their Twitter profile. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP YouTube 1 Learn more about this provider sentryReplaySession Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Session Type : HTML acsbapp.com 1 acsb:logs Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML botmaker.com 1 botmaker_auth Pending Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP cdn.howuku.com 3 created_at Contains the date of the visitor's first visit to the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP first_session Determines whether the user is new or returning, in order to display relevant ads by matching preferences from potential earlier visits. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP howuku_session Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP cwdlatest.botoffice.net 1 tab-uid Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP fe.certid.it 5 _ttwu Pending Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _ttwus Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP fe.certid.it Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _tteu Pending Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _tteus Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP leadaki.com 2 PLAY_ERRORS Stores the user's preferences Expiry : Session Type : HTTP PLAY_FLASH Stores the user's preferences Expiry : Session Type : HTTP mapei.com 4 FPAU Assigns a specific ID to the visitor. This allows the website to determine the number of specific user-visits for analysis and statistics. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP FPGSID Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP FPID Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP FPLC Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP sgtm.mapei.com 1 gtmBrowserId This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has visited the website before, or if it is a new visitor on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML www.mapei.com 2 sf-prs-lu Detects and stores which landing page was presented to the user. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP sf-prs-ss Sets a timestamp for when the visitor entered the website. This is used for analytical purposes on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Marketing and profiling 126 Marketing and profiling cookies are used for remarketing activities (i.e., to conduct advertising activities towards users who have visited the website), for tracking the user's web browsing and for creating profiles on the user’s preferences, habits, choices, etc. These cookies, if are third parties’ cookies, may also show you relevant contents and advertisements on other websites.  These cookies also include social media cookies, that are used for enabling you to share our contents on social media. If a user interacts with plug-ins, e.g., by clicking the Facebook "Like" button or posting a comment while logged into his/her social media account (e.g., Facebook, Pinterest, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram), the user links the website content to his/her social media profile. In such a way, the social media can associate a user's visit or the detected interests with the user's social media account. For more information on the data transmission, please refer to the privacy policy of the social media outlet of interest. Disabling these cookies may result in content not being shared on social media. Meta Platforms, Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP 1rx.io unrulymedia.com 2 _rxuuid [x2] Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Adform 2 Learn more about this provider C Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP uid Registers a unique user ID that recognises the user's browser when visiting websites that use the same ad network. The purpose is to optimise display of ads based on the user's movements and various ad providers' bids for displaying user ads. Expiry : 2 months Type : HTTP Amazon 1 Learn more about this provider __trf.src Registers how the user has reached the website to enable pay-out of referral commission fees to partners. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Appnexus 3 Learn more about this provider anj Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP uuid2 Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP XANDR_PANID This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP Azure 1 Learn more about this provider msd365mkttr Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Beachfront 2 Learn more about this provider __#_cid Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP __io_cid Used in conjunction with video-advertisement - Detects where on the website the video-advertisements should be displayed. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Bluekai.com 3 Learn more about this provider bkpa Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : 6 months Type : HTTP bku Registers anonymised user data, such as IP address, geographical location, visited websites, and what ads the user has clicked, with the purpose of optimising ad display based on the user's movement on websites that use the same ad network. Expiry : 6 months Type : HTTP site/# Pending Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Datonics 3 Learn more about this provider anHistory Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP anProfile Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP engine Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Google 12 Learn more about this provider IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP pagead/landing [x2] Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel pagead/viewthroughconversion/950803353/ Pending Expiry : Session Type : Pixel ads/ga-audiences Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel NID Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Expiry : 6 months Type : HTTP pagead/1p-conversion/#/ Pending Expiry : Session Type : Pixel pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel #,# Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML #,#_expiresAt Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _auKCMam4ZEBENOV4YYD,34933435050 Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _auKCMam4ZEBENOV4YYD,34933435050_expiresAt Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML JotForm 1 Learn more about this provider userReferer Determines how the user accessed the website. This information is used by the website operator in order to measure the efficiency of their marketing. Expiry : 1 month Type : HTTP LinkedIn 5 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP li_sugr Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP lidc Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP UserMatchHistory Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP li_adsId Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Microsoft 12 Learn more about this provider #{8}-#{4}-#{4}-#{4}-#{12} Used to generate a unique ID Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML MUID [x2] Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP SRM_B Tracks the user’s interaction with the website’s search-bar-function. This data can be used to present the user with relevant products or services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP ANONCHK Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP SM Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device during return visits across websites that use the same ad network. The ID is used to allow targeted ads. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Neustar 1 Learn more about this provider u Collects data on user visits to the website, such as what pages have been accessed. The registered data is used to categorise the user's interest and demographic profiles in terms of resales for targeted marketing. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Openx 1 Learn more about this provider w/1.0/sd Registers data on visitors such as IP addresses, geographical location and advertisement interaction. This information is used optimize the advertisement on websites that make use of OpenX.net services. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel OptiMonk 2 Learn more about this provider OptiMonkVisitorAttributes Implements pop-up advertisement on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML optiMonkClientId Collects information on what products the visitor has viewed and the content of the shopping-cart. This is used to increase the website's conversion rate through targeted advertisement and product promotions through emails. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Qq.com 9 Learn more about this provider __BEACON_0WEB0QEJW44KW5A5_is_new_user Collects data on visitor interaction with the website's video-content. This data is used to make the website's video-content more relevant towards the visitor. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_0WEB0QEJW44KW5A5_last_report_time Collects data on visitor interaction with the website's video-content. This data is used to make the website's video-content more relevant towards the visitor. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_0WEB0QEJW44KW5A5_logid_start Collects data on visitor interaction with the website's video-content. This data is used to make the website's video-content more relevant towards the visitor. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_0WEB0QEJW44KW5A5_sending_event_ids Collects data on visitor interaction with the website's video-content. This data is used to make the website's video-content more relevant towards the visitor. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML __BEACON_0WEB0QEJW44KW5A5_session_storage_key Collects data on visitor interaction with the website's video-content. This data is used to make the website's video-content more relevant towards the visitor. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML tgw_l7_route Stores user and behavior data when viewing embedded videos from the provider qq.com. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP thumbplayer-offline-db-cleanup-state Collects data such as visitors' IP address, geographical location and website navigation - This information is used for internal optimization and statistics for the website's operator. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML thumbplayer-offline-log-3#log-content Collects data such as visitors' IP address, geographical location and website navigation - This information is used for internal optimization and statistics for the website's operator. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB thumbplayer-offline-log-3#log-info Collects data such as visitors' IP address, geographical location and website navigation - This information is used for internal optimization and statistics for the website's operator. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB Simpli.fi 4 Learn more about this provider suid Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP suid_legacy Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP uid_syncd Registers user behaviour and navigation on the website, and any interaction with active campaigns. This is used for optimizing advertisement and for efficient retargeting. Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP uid_syncd_secure Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP Spotify 2 Learn more about this provider sp_landing Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP sp_t Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Tapad 4 Learn more about this provider idsync/ex/receive/check This cookie is set by the audience manager of the website to determine the time and frequencies of visitor data synchronization - cookie data synchronization is used to synchronize and gather visitor data from several websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel TapAd_3WAY_SYNCS Used for data-synchronization with advertisement networks. Expiry : 2 months Type : HTTP TapAd_DID Used to determine what type of devices (smartphones, tablets, computers, TVs etc.) is used by a user. Expiry : 2 months Type : HTTP TapAd_TS Used to determine what type of devices (smartphones, tablets, computers, TVs etc.) is used by a user. Expiry : 2 months Type : HTTP Tiktok 5 Learn more about this provider tt_appInfo Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : Session Type : HTML tt_pixel_session_index Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : Session Type : HTML tt_sessionId Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : Session Type : HTML _ttp [x2] Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Triplelift 1 Learn more about this provider xuid Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Twitter Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider i/adsct [x2] The cookie is used by Twitter.com in order to determine the number of visitors accessing the website through Twitter advertisement content. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel muc_ads Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP Yahoo 1 Learn more about this provider A3 Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP YouTube 37 Learn more about this provider #-# [x2] Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTML iU5q-!O9@[#COOKIETABLE_ADVERTISING#]nbsp;[x2] Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTML LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP nextId [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP requests [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP yt.innertube::nextId [x2] Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML YtIdbMeta#databases [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB yt-remote-cast-available [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-cast-installed [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-connected-devices [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-device-id [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-app [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-name [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP adform.net adnxs.com doubleclick.net 3 receive-cookie-deprecation [x3] Pending Expiry : 2 months Type : HTTP bot.leadoo.com 1 ld_env Determines how the user accessed the website. This information is used by the website operator in order to measure the efficiency of their marketing. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML fe.certid.it 1 ___utmvc Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP sgtm.mapei.com 1 _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP Unclassified 0 Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. We do not use cookies of this type. Cross-domain consent [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] [#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#] List of domains your consent applies to: [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#] Cookie declaration last updated on 3/27/24 by Cookiebot [#IABV2_TITLE#] [#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] Cookies are small text files that are stored on the user's device. Cookies are very common and are used on many websites. This is because cookies allow website operators to do useful things. For example, a cookie allows a website operator to know whether a device (and probably its user) has visited the website before. In general, cookies are used to improve a website’s operation and the user’s experience when using it, although cookies may also enable the receipt of marketing communications. On this website, with the user's consent, also technologies that allow "cross-device" tracking, i.e., allowing to analyze the user’s activities performed through different devices (e.g., computers and smartphones), may be used. Do not sell or share my personal information Deny Allow selection Customize Allow all Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics Products Solutions SEARCH Menu Search null MyMapei MyMapei Area Logout MyMapei Login Select language eng English italiano Products Browse by PRODUCT LINES All product lines Search products Product information library In the spotlight SOLUTIONS MAPEI FOR DESIGNERS SUSTAINABILITY TOOLS & DOWNLOADS Go to TOOLS & DOWNLOADS Tools Grouts and sealants calculator Concrete specification Product selector for chemical anchors, elastic sealants and adhesives MAPECOAT TNS Colorizer Product selector for cleaning, maintaining and protecting surfaces Documentations Brochures, manuals, guides Product information library Wall finishing and thermal insulation products selector DoP for out of web-catalogue products LEED LEED V4 calculator LEED synoptic Miscellaneous Coloured grouts and sealants Master Collection - Wall coatings BIM Calculation software Mapei Structural Design Data Mapesilent Mapei Design Fix Applications Mapei APP Mapei Grouts APP TECHNICAL SERVICE MAPEI ACADEMY Go to MAPEI ACADEMY Video tutorial Technical explainer videos REALTÀ MAPEI MAGAZINE PROJECTS ABOUT US Go to ABOUT US Our History Financial report Mapei in Italy Certifications and Mapei technologies Culture and sport Specification Centre NEWS WORK WITH US CONTACT US Mapei in Italy The Origins of Excellence Mapei in Italy The Origins of Excellence A family business on an international scale Mapei, which was founded in 1937 , is based in Milan , the city where it came into being and made its mark on the market for chemical products for the building industry , notably for its adhesives for ceramics . Now, with revenue of approximately €760 million , the Group operates all over Italy through 10 companies equating to a total of 11 factories, 6 Research & Development centres and 2,557 staff . Veronica and Marco , the third generation of the Squinzi family , are continuing the family tradition by heading the company as CEOs of the Group and its Italian organisation. The heart of the Group Mapei is the Group’s leading company in Italy with 11 offices and 1,500 staff . In addition to its old headquarters in Via Cafiero, now its Corporate Resarch Centre , the Group’s main Research & Development laboratory coordinating the operations of 30 other laboratories worldwide, Milan is also the home of the management-administration offices, product development units, Specification Centre , a place for designers and other professionals in the industry to meet and interact, and the main offices of the Technical Assistance service , which is widely admired by people working in the industry. Extensive Operations Robbiano di Mediglia in the province of Milan , is the location of the Mapei’s biggest production plant (660 staff) manufacturing chemical products for the building industry in powder, liquid and paste form, including adhesives, sealing agents, additives, plasticizers, water paints and smoothing/levelling agents. There are other important manufacturing plants in Latina focused on the manufacture of products in powder form and colouring processes for water paints using a tintometric system, and in San Cesario sul Panaro (Modena) , which specialises in fibres for fibre-reinforced products and accommodates another R&D laboratory. Sassuolo , on the other hand, is the home of the logistics centre for distributing Mapei products all over Italy. Mapei has technical-business offices and showrooms in Roma, Pisa, Lecce, Sassuolo e Civitanova Marche (Macerata) to coordinate relations with its own customers and provide on-site assistance and consultancy all over Italy . CONTACT US Mapei Group Facts & Figures in Italy 903 million of euro revenue in 2022 2,853 staff 15 companies 11 manufacturing plants 6 Research & Development centres Management Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Aenean euismo bibendum laoreet. Proin gravida dolo sit amet lacus accumsan et viverra justo comodo. More on Sustainability To guarantee the world a future with low environmental impact is one of our objectives More on CERTIFICATIONS AND MAPEI TECHNOLOGIES We have been awarded rigorous certification in compliance with stringent international standards More on CULTURE AND SPORT We have always been keen supporters of culture and sport because we share their commitment, passion and effort aimed at constant improvement Keep in touch Subscribe to our newsletter to get Mapei news SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE Home page About us Mapei in Italy Follow us Download our apps MAPEI APP GROUT APP Contact us Call us +39-02-376731 Write to our technical service Login/Register MyMapei MyMapei Financial report Sustainability report Code of ethics Model 231 Whistleblowing PRIVACY Data Subject Rights Media Area Order area Products Browse by PRODUCT LINES All product lines Search products Product information library In the spotlight SOLUTIONS MAPEI FOR DESIGNERS SUSTAINABILITY TOOLS & DOWNLOADS Go to TOOLS & DOWNLOADS Tools Documentations LEED Miscellaneous Calculation software Applications TECHNICAL SERVICE MAPEI ACADEMY Go to MAPEI ACADEMY Video tutorial Technical explainer videos REALTÀ MAPEI MAGAZINE PROJECTS ABOUT US Go to ABOUT US Our History Financial report Mapei in Italy NEWS WORK WITH US CONTACT US Product lines Ceramics and stone material Complementary products and tools Cleaning, maintaining and protecting surfaces Resilient, LVT and textile materials Sports flooring Wooden flooring Cementitious and resin flooring Waterproofing Roof waterproofing Building Elastic sealants and adhesives Structural strengthening Wall protective and decorative coatings Thermal insulation Masonry restoration Acoustic insulation Admixtures for concrete Architectural stone paving Architectural exposed aggregate concrete surfaces CFS industrial flooring Asphalt pavements Underground constructions (UTT) Cement additives (C-ADD) Marine industry Profiles for floors and coverings Copyright © 2024 MAPEI S.p.A. - Via Cafiero, 22 - Milan Italy - P.IVA 01649960158 - Company data - Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookie policy Cookies Preferences Change Country Search Login to MyMapei Area Registered user Log in if you are already registered Email Password Login Login Forgot password? New User Register now, you can: Receive our exclusive Newsletters Save your favourite products, projects and articles Subscribe to Realtà Mapei Magazine Download calculation software Sign up for  Seminars / Conventions Use the ‘Ceramic Project’ tool Sign up Sign up

