Stainless steel | Outokumpu This website uses cookies This website uses cookies and 3rd party solutions to provide you with best possible browsing experience, enable site functionalities, and monitor website traffic. You can manage your cookie preferences below and change them at any time from the Cookie declaration on our website. Please note that if cookies are not enabled, your website experience might be limited (e.g. some functionalities missing). Manage preferences Use only necessary cookies Allow all About Manage preferences Necessary Necessary cookies help us make our website usable. They are used for optimizing site performance, enabling basic functions like page navigation, and ensuring the functionality of information security features. As the website cannot function properly without them, the necessary cookies are by default always on. Preferences Preference cookies allow our website to provide personalized content by changing the way the site behaves or looks for different visitors. This information can include for example your preferred language or the region that you are in. Statistics Statistic cookies help us to understand how our visitors interact with the website. This information is collected and reported anonymously, and it allows us for example to identify how we could improve our website. Marketing Marketing cookies track browsing activity. This information is used for showing visitors relevant/personalized marketing content. Some of this information may be personally identifiably and some of the activities tracked may be shared with our marketing partners/third-parties. Back Confirm selection About Cookies overview Allow all cookies [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] Back Confirm selection About Cookies overview About Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages. You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie declaration on our website. Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy notice . Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent. Back Cookies overview Cookies overview Necessary (26) Necessary cookies help us make our website usable. They are used for optimizing site performance, enabling basic functions like page navigation, and ensuring the functionality of information security features. As the website cannot function properly without them, the necessary cookies are by default always on. Name Provider Purpose Expiry Type __cf_bm Cision This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. 1 day HTTP cf_clearance Cision This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. 1 year HTTP test_cookie Google Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. 1 day HTTP CookieConsent [x3] expertise.outokumpu.com secure.outokumpu.com Cookiebot Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain 1 year HTTP rc::a otke-cdn.outokumpu.com This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Persistent HTML rc::c otke-cdn.outokumpu.com This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Session HTML 1.gif Cookiebot Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery. Session Pixel ASP.NET_SessionId [x4] ir.innovatics.fi secure.outokumpu.com Euroland www.outokumpu.com Preserves the visitor's session state across page requests. Session HTTP li_gc LinkedIn Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain 180 days HTTP ARRAffinity [x2] otke-cdn.outokumpu.com www.outokumpu.com Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. Session HTTP ARRAffinitySameSite [x2] otke-cdn.outokumpu.com www.outokumpu.com Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. Session HTTP _OG_GDPR_COOKIE_ Outgrow This cookie determines whether the browser accepts cookies. Session HTTP ELOQUA outokumpu.com Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device upon return visits. Used for auto-populating forms and to validate if a certain contact is registered to an email group. 13 months HTTP pa_enabled Solarwinds Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Persistent HTML ASPSESSIONID# Euroland Preserves users states across page requests. Session HTTP AWSALB Investis Digital Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. 7 days HTTP AWSALBCORS Investis Digital Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. 7 days HTTP bscookie LinkedIn This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. 1 year HTTP __RequestVerificationToken www.outokumpu.com Helps prevent Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) attacks. Session HTTP Preferences (3) Preference cookies allow our website to provide personalized content by changing the way the site behaves or looks for different visitors. This information can include for example your preferred language or the region that you are in. Name Provider Purpose Expiry Type ld_session_id bot.leadoo.com Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Persistent HTML ld_session_origin bot.leadoo.com Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Persistent HTML shell#lang www.outokumpu.com This cookie is used to determine the preferred language of the visitor and sets the language accordingly on the website, if possible. Session HTTP Statistics (37) Statistic cookies help us to understand how our visitors interact with the website. This information is collected and reported anonymously, and it allows us for example to identify how we could improve our website. Name Provider Purpose Expiry Type c.gif Microsoft Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Session Pixel _ga [x5] Google Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. 2 years HTTP _ga_# [x5] Google Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. 2 years HTTP hjActiveViewportIds Hotjar This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience. Persistent HTML hjViewportId Hotjar Saves the user's screen size in order to adjust the size of images on the website. Session HTML AnalyticsSyncHistory LinkedIn Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service. 30 days HTTP __utma Google Collects data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Used by Google Analytics. 2 years HTTP __utmb Google Registers a timestamp with the exact time of when the user accessed the website. Used by Google Analytics to calculate the duration of a website visit. 1 day HTTP __utmc Google Registers a timestamp with the exact time of when the user leaves the website. Used by Google Analytics to calculate the duration of a website visit. Session HTTP __utmd Google This cookie is used to assign specific visitors into segments, this segmentation is based on visitor behavior on the website - the segmentation can be used to target larger groups. 1 day HTTP __utmv Google Saves user-defined tracking parameters for use in Google Analytics. Session HTTP __utmz Google Collects data on where the user came from, what search engine was used, what link was clicked and what search term was used. Used by Google Analytics. 6 months HTTP History.store Cision Contains an visitor ID - This is used to track visitors' navigation and interaction on the website for internal website-optimization. Session HTML _gat [x2] Google Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate 1 day HTTP gaCookie1 Google Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. 2 years HTTP gaCookie1_gid Google Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. 1 day HTTP _clck Microsoft Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. 1 year HTTP _clsk Microsoft Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. 1 day HTTP _hjSession_# Hotjar Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. 1 day HTTP _hjSessionUser_# Hotjar Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. 1 year HTTP _hjTLDTest Hotjar Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Session HTTP _gid Google Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. 1 day HTTP pa Solarwinds Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing. Persistent HTML personalization_id Twitter Inc. This cookie is set by Twitter - The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website onto their Twitter profile. 400 days HTTP _cltk Microsoft Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Session HTML CLID Microsoft Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. 1 year HTTP td Google Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Session Pixel SC_ANALYTICS_GLOBAL_COOKIE www.outokumpu.com Used by Sitecore Engagement Analytics to identify the visitor on repeat visits to the website. 400 days HTTP Marketing (66) Marketing cookies track browsing activity. This information is used for showing visitors relevant/personalized marketing content. Some of this information may be personally identifiably and some of the activities tracked may be shared with our marketing partners/third-parties. Name Provider Purpose Expiry Type _uetsid Microsoft Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Persistent HTML _uetsid_exp Microsoft Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Persistent HTML _uetvid Microsoft Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Persistent HTML _uetvid_exp Microsoft Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Persistent HTML MR [x2] Microsoft Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. 7 days HTTP MUID [x2] Microsoft Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. 1 year HTTP SRM_B Microsoft Tracks the user’s interaction with the website’s search-bar-function. This data can be used to present the user with relevant products or services. 1 year HTTP ld_env bot.leadoo.com Determines how the user accessed the website. This information is used by the website operator in order to measure the efficiency of their marketing. Persistent HTML ld_id bot.leadoo.com Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes. Persistent HTML ANONCHK Microsoft Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. 1 day HTTP SM Microsoft Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device during return visits across websites that use the same ad network. The ID is used to allow targeted ads. Session HTTP lastExternalReferrer Meta Platforms, Inc. Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Persistent HTML lastExternalReferrerTime Meta Platforms, Inc. Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Persistent HTML IDE Google Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. 1 year HTTP pagead/landing Google Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Session Pixel ads/ga-audiences Google Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Session Pixel pagead/1p-conversion/#/ Google Pending Session Pixel pagead/1p-user-list/# Google Pending Session Pixel bcookie LinkedIn Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. 1 year HTTP li_sugr LinkedIn Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. 3 months HTTP lidc LinkedIn Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. 1 day HTTP UserMatchHistory LinkedIn Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. 30 days HTTP _gcl_au [x3] Google Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. 3 months HTTP _fbp Meta Platforms, Inc. Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. 3 months HTTP _lfa [x2] sc.lfeeder.com Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. 1 year HTTP _lfa_test_cookie_stored [x2] sc.lfeeder.com Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. Session HTTP _uetsid Microsoft Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. 1 day HTTP _uetvid Microsoft Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. 1 year HTTP _lfa sc.lfeeder.com Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. Persistent HTML _lfa_expiry sc.lfeeder.com Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Persistent HTML li_adsId LinkedIn Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Persistent HTML 1/i/adsct [x2] Twitter Inc. Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Session Pixel muc_ads Twitter Inc. Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. 400 days HTTP (unnamed) Leadfeeder Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes. Session Pixel guest_id Twitter Inc. Collects data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and which pages have been loaded, with the purpose of personalising and improving the Twitter service. 400 days HTTP guest_id_ads Twitter Inc. Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. 400 days HTTP guest_id_marketing Twitter Inc. Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. 400 days HTTP #-# otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Pending Session HTML iU5q-!O9@$ otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Session HTML LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY YouTube Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Session HTTP LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Pending Persistent IDB nextId YouTube Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Session HTTP remote_sid YouTube Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Session HTTP requests YouTube Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Session HTTP ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Persistent IDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED YouTube Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. 1 day HTTP VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE YouTube Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. 180 days HTTP VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA YouTube Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain 180 days HTTP YSC YouTube Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Session HTTP yt.innertube::nextId YouTube Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Persistent HTML ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Persistent HTML YtIdbMeta#databases otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Persistent IDB yt-remote-cast-available otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML yt-remote-cast-installed otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML yt-remote-connected-devices otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Persistent HTML yt-remote-device-id otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Persistent HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML yt-remote-session-app otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML yt-remote-session-name otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML Unclassified (8) Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Name Provider Purpose Expiry Type s3/frontify-enterprise-files-eu/eyJvYXV0aCI6eyJjbGllbnRfaWQiOiJmcm9udGlmeS1maW5kZXIifSwicGF0aCI6Im91dG9rdW1wdVwvYWNjb3VudHNcLzBhXC80MDAwMjY3XC9wcm9qZWN0c1wvMlwvYXNzZXRzXC8yNVwvMjAzOFwvYmU2YWQ4NjUxY2Y4ZjdmOTBlN2Q3NzA4MmE1Y2UxMjMtMTU2MDUyMTQwNC5wbmcifQ:out otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Pending Session Pixel __cwr Cision Pending 1 day HTTP compareItems otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Pending Persistent HTML compareLang otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Pending Persistent HTML itemsCategory otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Pending Persistent HTML minimizeFooter otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Pending Persistent HTML com#lang www.outokumpu.com Pending Session HTTP UxSurveyPagesViewed www.outokumpu.com Pending Persistent HTML Back About Passa al contenuto principale [Chiave di accesso 1] Passa alla navigazione principale [Chiave di accesso 2] Informazioni su Outokumpu Sustainability Investors Carriere News Locations Certificati Chiamaci: +358 9 4211 Contattaci Steel Finder Prodotti Competenza settori Surcharges IT Italiano Deutsch English Español Suomi DE EN ES FI Ricerca Ricerca Prodotti Prodotti Prodotti Panoramica Prodotti Esplora la nostra offerta di prodotti per trovare l'acciaio inossidabile più adatto alle tue applicazioni. Panoramica Tipologie di acciaio inossidabile Tipologie di acciaio inossidabile Tipologie di acciaio inossidabile Tipologie di acciaio inossidabile Panoramica Moda Ambienti moderatamente corrosivi Core Ambienti corrosivi Supra Ambienti altamente corrosivi Forta Duplex e altri altoresistenziali Ultra Ambienti estremamente corrosivi Dura Durezza elevata Therma Temperature di servizio elevate​​ Prodec Lavorabilità superiore​ Deco Superfici speciali Circle Green Circle Green Circle Green Circle Green Panoramica Moda Ambienti moderatamente corrosivi Core Ambienti corrosivi Supra Ambienti altamente corrosivi Forta Duplex and other high strength Dura High hardness Prodotti piani Prodotti piani Prodotti piani Prodotti piani Panoramica Cold rolled coil strip and sheet Hot rolled coil strip and plate Quarto plate Precision strip Componenti speciali Polvere di metallo Tipi di acciaio inox Tipi di acciaio inox Tipi di acciaio inox Tipi di acciaio inox Panoramica Ferritico Gradi PH e martensitici Duplex Austenitico Tabelle di corrosione Servizi Competenza Competenza Competenza Panoramica Competenza Esplora storie di successo, articoli approfonditi, webinar e contenuti tecnici. Panoramica Articoli e casi Blogs Handbooks and guides Corrosion Academy Webinar ed eventi Webinar ed eventi Webinar ed eventi Webinar ed eventi Panoramica Circle Green webinars Webinar su ponti Webinar su facciate Webinar sulla mobilità Webinar su petrolio e gas Webinar su serbatoi di stoccaggio Raccolte Raccolte Sostenibilità Duplex 90 anni settori settori settori Panoramica settori Scopri come il nostro acciaio inossidabile permette, a una societa' in continua evoluzione, un utilizzo versatile in svariati contesti. Panoramica Elettrodomestici Elettrodomestici Elettrodomestici Elettrodomestici Panoramica Cucina industriale Cucina Industria alimentare Elettrodomestici Energy Energy Energy Energy Panoramica Renewable energy Idrogeno Automotive and transportation Automotive and transportation Automotive and transportation Automotive and transportation Panoramica Automotive Autobus Railway Road tankers Heavy industry Heavy industry Heavy industry Heavy industry Panoramica Trattamento chimico Estrazione e lavorazione dei minerali Oil and gas Oil and gas Oil and gas Oil and gas Panoramica Pipes and tubing Pulp and paper Storage tanks Serbatoi di stoccaggio Serbatoi di stoccaggio Serbatoi di stoccaggio Panoramica Storage tank calculator Edilizia e infrastrutture Edilizia e infrastrutture Edilizia e infrastrutture Edilizia e infrastrutture Panoramica Ponti Ponti Ponti Ponti Panoramica Design a stainless steel bridge Bridge material selection tool Facciate e rivestimenti Interior cladding Componenti strutturali Water control Settore marittimo Settore marittimo Sistemi di trattamento delle acque di zavorra Scrubbers Navi Surcharges Surcharges Surcharges Panoramica Supplementi Scopri di più su extra di lega, prezzi e condizioni di vendita di Outokumpu. Panoramica Americas Americas Stainless steel alloy surcharges Americas Europa Europa Stainless steel alloy surcharges Europe Global Global Conditions of sale Informazioni su Outokumpu Informazioni su Outokumpu Informazioni su Outokumpu Panoramica Informazioni su Outokumpu Scopri tutto ciò che sta dietro a Outokumpu, come lavoriamo e ci organizziamo e in che direzione stiamo andando. Panoramica Outokumpu in brief Outokumpu in brief Outokumpu in brief Outokumpu in brief Panoramica History Strategy and vision Organizzazione Organizzazione Organizzazione Organizzazione Panoramica Area di attività Americas Area di attività Europe Area di attività Ferrochrome Altre operazioni Consiglio di amministrazione Outokumpu Leadership Team (gruppo dirigente di Outokumpu) Suppliers Codice di condotta Cybersecurity at Outokumpu Segnalazione di cattiva condotta su SpeakUp Sustainability Sustainability Sustainability Panoramica Sostenibilità Scopri come l'acciaio inossidabile sostenibile di Outokumpu contribuisce all'obiettivo "a world that lasts forever". Panoramica Strategia per la sostenibilità Strategia per la sostenibilità Strategia per la sostenibilità Strategia per la sostenibilità Panoramica Impegni e iniziative Obiettivi di sviluppo sostenibile dell'ONU Comitato Consultivo ESG Contatti per la sostenibilità Acciaio inossidabile sostenibile Acciaio inossidabile sostenibile Acciaio inossidabile sostenibile Acciaio inossidabile sostenibile Panoramica Fattori chiave dell'acciaio inossidabile sostenibile Dichiarazioni ambientali di prodotto Impronta di carbonio dei prodotti Sicurezza dei prodotti Ambiente Ambiente Ambiente Ambiente Panoramica Proteggere il clima Circular economy Impatti ambientali Biodiversità Reporting e dati Reporting e dati Reporting e dati Reporting e dati Panoramica Strumento di dati sulla sostenibilità Download di sostenibilità People and society People and society People and society People and society Panoramica Our people Health and safety Buona cittadinanza d'impresa Impatto sulla società e sui diritti umani Sustainable supply chain Governance della sostenibilità Governance della sostenibilità Governance della sostenibilità Governance della sostenibilità Panoramica Codice di condotta Segnalazione di cattiva condotta su SpeakUp Inner Circle Investors Investors Investors Panoramica Investitori Per saperne di più su Outokumpu come investimento e per trovare il nostro calendario finanziario, le informazioni sulle azioni e il materiale per gli investitori. Panoramica Outokumpu as an investment Outokumpu as an investment Outokumpu as an investment Outokumpu as an investment Panoramica Analisi del CEO Strategia e obiettivi Prospettive e rischi Ambiente operativo Investimento responsabile Dialogo attivo con i mercati Investor calendar and events Investor calendar and events Investor calendar and events Investor calendar and events Panoramica Capital Markets Day Site visits Webcasts Report e presentazioni Report e presentazioni Report e presentazioni Report e presentazioni Panoramica 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Archivia Outokumpu share Outokumpu share Outokumpu share Outokumpu share Panoramica Condividi informazioni Analysts Consensus estimates Shareholders Partecipazione della Direzione Dividendo Capitale sociale Notifiche di segnalazione Azioni del Tesoro Reverse split in 2014 Share tools Share tools Share tools Share tools Panoramica Share monitor Alternative exchanges Share price alert Share price look-up Investment calculator Governance Governance Governance Governance Panoramica AGM information Board of Directors Leadership team Consiglio di nomina degli azionisti Compenso Problemi interni Gestione del rischio Politica di divulgazione Revisori SpeakUp Financials Financials Financials Financials Panoramica Scheda informativa Credit information Comunicati stampa IR Newsletter IR Contacts Carriere Carriere Carriere Panoramica Carriere Scopri come i nostri esperti sono al centro del nostro successo e quali opportunità possiamo offrirti. Panoramica Open Positions How to apply Meet our people Ways of working Working with Us Students & early careers Students & early careers Students & early careers Students & early careers Panoramica Apprendistato in Germania Leap - Global Opportunity Program Graduates Summer of change at Outokumpu News Locations Certificati Certificati Certificati Panoramica Certificati Trova i certifcati delle nostre Unità Produttive e dei nostri Centri di Servizio in tutto il mondo Panoramica Certificati delle Unità produttive Certificati dei Centri di Servizio Steel Finder Il leader globale dell'acciaio inossidabile sostenibile Scegliere il giusto acciaio inossidabile è la chiave per massimizzare le prestazioni e ottimizzare le soluzioni in qualsiasi settore. L'acciaio inossidabile è sostenibile, resistente e progettato per durare per sempre. Scopri la nostra offerta Partecipa ai nostri webinar sulle facciate il 16 e 22 novembre La nostra serie di webinar ti offre le conoscenze sulla fabbricazione e l'ulteriore lavorazione di superfici architettoniche in acciaio inossidabile. I webinar tratteranno anche degli impatti ambientali dell'acciaio inossidabile come materiale per facciate. Iscriviti ora Expertise Insieme ai nostri clienti, portiamo avanti la società attraverso soluzioni sostenibili. Scopri casi, articoli, webinar e contenuti tecnici. Esplora i nostri casi Acciaio inossidabile per un'ampia varietà di ambienti Massimizzare le tue prestazioni e ottimizzare le soluzioni che si adattano alle tue esigenze è la nostra priorità. Scegliere l'acciaio inossidabile giusto è il primo passo verso prestazioni di alto livello e gli esperti di Outokumpu sono pronti a individuare le soluzioni giuste per te. Edilizia e infrastrutture Automotive e trasporti Elettrodomestici Energia e industria pesante In order to view videos on the Outokumpu.com, website you must accept Analytics and Marketing cookies. Accept Notizie May 8th, 2024 Outokumpu and Tetra Pak join forces to reduce emissions – low-... Press Releases May 7th, 2024 Outokumpu interim report January–March 2024: Gradual market re... Stock Exchange Releases May 7th, 2024 Outokumpu increases its EBITDA run-rate improvement target by ... Stock Exchange Releases May 2nd, 2024 Insider information: President and CEO Heikki Malinen to leave... Stock Exchange Releases Apr 24th, 2024 Outokumpu to close its Dahlerbrück and Hockenheim sites in Ger... Press Releases Apr 23rd, 2024 Outokumpu publishes its first-quarter 2024 interim report and ... Press Releases Apr 22nd, 2024 Changes in Outokumpu’s Leadership Team: Marc-Simon Schaar appo... Stock Exchange Releases Apr 19th, 2024 Chopping emissions: ZWILLING launches special edition Earth Da... News Apr 10th, 2024 Change in Outokumpu’s Leadership Team: CFO Pia Aaltonen-Forsel... Stock Exchange Releases Apr 4th, 2024 Outokumpu’s Board of Directors’ decisions on the composition o... Stock Exchange Releases Visualizza tutto Le nostre sedi nel mondo Tipo di sede Paesi Anno Tipo di visita Risultati Reimposta i filtri Nessun risultato trovato Precedente Prossimo Le nostre sedi nel mondo In order to interact with the map on the Outokumpu.com website, you must accept Analytics and Marketing cookies. View Map Lettura consigliata View all Article Buildings of the big apple Article Ultra Alloy 825 hits the sweet spot for the oil and gas industry Article Read how V-ZUG views sustainability as being as important as innovation, durabilit... Article Discover how Silvretta Therme Spa’s smooth silver façade was created sustainably w... Articolo ZWILLING, uno dei fornitori leader globali di prodotti di alta qualità per le cuci... Articolo Unisciti all'evoluzione industriale: riduci la tua impronta di carbonio con Outoku... Article Steel industry's pivotal role in turning COP28 declaration into action Article Decarbonization is a long-term investment Article Green steel accelerating decarbonization across industries Confronta fino a 3 prodotti Confronta ora Confronta Cancella tutto Nascondi Mostra Rimani aggiornato sul mondo dell'acciaio inossidabile Newsletter mensile di approfondimenti sull'acciaio inossidabile Aggiornamenti di settore Centro abbonamenti Interagisci con Outokumpu sui canali social linkedin twitter facebook instagram youtube Azienda Locations Certificati Investors Open positions News Industries Elettrodomestici Automotive & transportation Building & infrastructure Energy & heavy industry Prodotti Prodotti piatti Product ranges Surcharges Americas Europe Conditions Expertise Contattaci Iscriviti alla newsletter Negozio online Email preference center © Outokumpu 2024 Privacy notice Cookie declaration Legal notice Contattaci Siamo qui per aiutarti. Compila il modulo e ti ricontatteremo. Nome Cognome E-mail aziendale Azienda Numero di telefono Paese --- Please select --- Afghanistan Albania Algeria Andorra Argentina Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Bosnia and Herzegovina Brazil British Virgin Islands Bulgaria Canada Chile China Colombia Congo Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Ecuador Egypt Estonia Finland France Georgia Germany Gibraltar Greece Guadeloupe Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Ireland Israel Italy Japan Jordan Kuwait Latvia Lebanon Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Malaysia Malta Mauritius Mexico Moldova Morocco Namibia Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Norway Oman Pakistan Panama Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Republic of North Macedonia Reunion Romania Russian Federation San Marino Saudi Arabia Serbia Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa South Korea Spain Sri Lanka Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Thailand Tokelau Islands Tunisia Turkey Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Venezuela Vietnam Zimbabwe Motivo del contatto --- Please select --- Sales inquiry Media and sustainability inquiries Technical support Career opportunities Invoicing inquiry Settore --- Please select --- Architecture and building Authorities and associations Automotive and transportation Chemical process industry Commercial kitchen and catering Distributors and traders Energy Industry Food and beverage Heavy industry Infrastructure Machine building industry Mining and minerals Oil and gas Pulp and paper Tank manufacturing Tube manufacturing Universities and other research centers Water utility Other Area di interesse --- Please select --- Stainless steel flat products Ferrochrome products Dicci di più su come possiamo aiutarti Outokumpu può tenermi aggiornato con informazioni tempestive e pertinenti. Outokumpu si impegna a mantenere la riservatezza e la sicurezza dei dati personali e a trattarli solo in conformità alle leggi vigenti in materia di privacy e protezione dei dati.
 Leggi la nostra Informativa sulla privacy . Vuoi rimanere aggiornato sul mondo dell'acciaio inossidabile? Iscriviti alla nostra newsletter Contatti Quick survey: What do you think of our web experience? Rate Us ×

Sustainable stainless steel producer | Outokumpu This website uses cookies This website uses cookies and 3rd party solutions to provide you with best possible browsing experience, enable site functionalities, and monitor website traffic. You can manage your cookie preferences below and change them at any time from the Cookie declaration on our website. Please note that if cookies are not enabled, your website experience might be limited (e.g. some functionalities missing). Manage preferences Use only necessary cookies Allow all About Manage preferences Necessary Necessary cookies help us make our website usable. They are used for optimizing site performance, enabling basic functions like page navigation, and ensuring the functionality of information security features. As the website cannot function properly without them, the necessary cookies are by default always on. Preferences Preference cookies allow our website to provide personalized content by changing the way the site behaves or looks for different visitors. This information can include for example your preferred language or the region that you are in. Statistics Statistic cookies help us to understand how our visitors interact with the website. This information is collected and reported anonymously, and it allows us for example to identify how we could improve our website. Marketing Marketing cookies track browsing activity. This information is used for showing visitors relevant/personalized marketing content. Some of this information may be personally identifiably and some of the activities tracked may be shared with our marketing partners/third-parties. Back Confirm selection About Cookies overview Allow all cookies [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] Back Confirm selection About Cookies overview About Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages. You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie declaration on our website. Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy notice . Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent. Back Cookies overview Cookies overview Necessary (26) Necessary cookies help us make our website usable. They are used for optimizing site performance, enabling basic functions like page navigation, and ensuring the functionality of information security features. As the website cannot function properly without them, the necessary cookies are by default always on. Name Provider Purpose Expiry Type __cf_bm Cision This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. 1 day HTTP cf_clearance Cision This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. 1 year HTTP test_cookie Google Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. 1 day HTTP CookieConsent [x3] expertise.outokumpu.com secure.outokumpu.com Cookiebot Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain 1 year HTTP rc::a otke-cdn.outokumpu.com This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Persistent HTML rc::c otke-cdn.outokumpu.com This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Session HTML 1.gif Cookiebot Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery. Session Pixel ASP.NET_SessionId [x4] ir.innovatics.fi secure.outokumpu.com Euroland www.outokumpu.com Preserves the visitor's session state across page requests. Session HTTP li_gc LinkedIn Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain 180 days HTTP ARRAffinity [x2] otke-cdn.outokumpu.com www.outokumpu.com Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. Session HTTP ARRAffinitySameSite [x2] otke-cdn.outokumpu.com www.outokumpu.com Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. Session HTTP _OG_GDPR_COOKIE_ Outgrow This cookie determines whether the browser accepts cookies. Session HTTP ELOQUA outokumpu.com Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device upon return visits. Used for auto-populating forms and to validate if a certain contact is registered to an email group. 13 months HTTP pa_enabled Solarwinds Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Persistent HTML ASPSESSIONID# Euroland Preserves users states across page requests. Session HTTP AWSALB Investis Digital Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. 7 days HTTP AWSALBCORS Investis Digital Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. 7 days HTTP bscookie LinkedIn This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. 1 year HTTP __RequestVerificationToken www.outokumpu.com Helps prevent Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) attacks. Session HTTP Preferences (3) Preference cookies allow our website to provide personalized content by changing the way the site behaves or looks for different visitors. This information can include for example your preferred language or the region that you are in. Name Provider Purpose Expiry Type ld_session_id bot.leadoo.com Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Persistent HTML ld_session_origin bot.leadoo.com Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Persistent HTML shell#lang www.outokumpu.com This cookie is used to determine the preferred language of the visitor and sets the language accordingly on the website, if possible. Session HTTP Statistics (37) Statistic cookies help us to understand how our visitors interact with the website. This information is collected and reported anonymously, and it allows us for example to identify how we could improve our website. Name Provider Purpose Expiry Type c.gif Microsoft Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Session Pixel _ga [x5] Google Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. 2 years HTTP _ga_# [x5] Google Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. 2 years HTTP hjActiveViewportIds Hotjar This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience. Persistent HTML hjViewportId Hotjar Saves the user's screen size in order to adjust the size of images on the website. Session HTML AnalyticsSyncHistory LinkedIn Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service. 30 days HTTP __utma Google Collects data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Used by Google Analytics. 2 years HTTP __utmb Google Registers a timestamp with the exact time of when the user accessed the website. Used by Google Analytics to calculate the duration of a website visit. 1 day HTTP __utmc Google Registers a timestamp with the exact time of when the user leaves the website. Used by Google Analytics to calculate the duration of a website visit. Session HTTP __utmd Google This cookie is used to assign specific visitors into segments, this segmentation is based on visitor behavior on the website - the segmentation can be used to target larger groups. 1 day HTTP __utmv Google Saves user-defined tracking parameters for use in Google Analytics. Session HTTP __utmz Google Collects data on where the user came from, what search engine was used, what link was clicked and what search term was used. Used by Google Analytics. 6 months HTTP History.store Cision Contains an visitor ID - This is used to track visitors' navigation and interaction on the website for internal website-optimization. Session HTML _gat [x2] Google Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate 1 day HTTP gaCookie1 Google Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. 2 years HTTP gaCookie1_gid Google Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. 1 day HTTP _clck Microsoft Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. 1 year HTTP _clsk Microsoft Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. 1 day HTTP _hjSession_# Hotjar Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. 1 day HTTP _hjSessionUser_# Hotjar Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. 1 year HTTP _hjTLDTest Hotjar Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Session HTTP _gid Google Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. 1 day HTTP pa Solarwinds Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing. Persistent HTML personalization_id Twitter Inc. This cookie is set by Twitter - The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website onto their Twitter profile. 400 days HTTP _cltk Microsoft Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Session HTML CLID Microsoft Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. 1 year HTTP td Google Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Session Pixel SC_ANALYTICS_GLOBAL_COOKIE www.outokumpu.com Used by Sitecore Engagement Analytics to identify the visitor on repeat visits to the website. 400 days HTTP Marketing (66) Marketing cookies track browsing activity. This information is used for showing visitors relevant/personalized marketing content. Some of this information may be personally identifiably and some of the activities tracked may be shared with our marketing partners/third-parties. Name Provider Purpose Expiry Type _uetsid Microsoft Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Persistent HTML _uetsid_exp Microsoft Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Persistent HTML _uetvid Microsoft Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Persistent HTML _uetvid_exp Microsoft Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Persistent HTML MR [x2] Microsoft Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. 7 days HTTP MUID [x2] Microsoft Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. 1 year HTTP SRM_B Microsoft Tracks the user’s interaction with the website’s search-bar-function. This data can be used to present the user with relevant products or services. 1 year HTTP ld_env bot.leadoo.com Determines how the user accessed the website. This information is used by the website operator in order to measure the efficiency of their marketing. Persistent HTML ld_id bot.leadoo.com Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes. Persistent HTML ANONCHK Microsoft Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. 1 day HTTP SM Microsoft Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device during return visits across websites that use the same ad network. The ID is used to allow targeted ads. Session HTTP lastExternalReferrer Meta Platforms, Inc. Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Persistent HTML lastExternalReferrerTime Meta Platforms, Inc. Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Persistent HTML IDE Google Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. 1 year HTTP pagead/landing Google Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Session Pixel ads/ga-audiences Google Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Session Pixel pagead/1p-conversion/#/ Google Pending Session Pixel pagead/1p-user-list/# Google Pending Session Pixel bcookie LinkedIn Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. 1 year HTTP li_sugr LinkedIn Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. 3 months HTTP lidc LinkedIn Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. 1 day HTTP UserMatchHistory LinkedIn Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. 30 days HTTP _gcl_au [x3] Google Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. 3 months HTTP _fbp Meta Platforms, Inc. Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. 3 months HTTP _lfa [x2] sc.lfeeder.com Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. 1 year HTTP _lfa_test_cookie_stored [x2] sc.lfeeder.com Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. Session HTTP _uetsid Microsoft Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. 1 day HTTP _uetvid Microsoft Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. 1 year HTTP _lfa sc.lfeeder.com Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. Persistent HTML _lfa_expiry sc.lfeeder.com Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Persistent HTML li_adsId LinkedIn Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Persistent HTML 1/i/adsct [x2] Twitter Inc. Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Session Pixel muc_ads Twitter Inc. Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. 400 days HTTP (unnamed) Leadfeeder Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes. Session Pixel guest_id Twitter Inc. Collects data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and which pages have been loaded, with the purpose of personalising and improving the Twitter service. 400 days HTTP guest_id_ads Twitter Inc. Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. 400 days HTTP guest_id_marketing Twitter Inc. Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. 400 days HTTP #-# otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Pending Session HTML iU5q-!O9@$ otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Session HTML LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY YouTube Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Session HTTP LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Pending Persistent IDB nextId YouTube Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Session HTTP remote_sid YouTube Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Session HTTP requests YouTube Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Session HTTP ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Persistent IDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED YouTube Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. 1 day HTTP VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE YouTube Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. 180 days HTTP VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA YouTube Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain 180 days HTTP YSC YouTube Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Session HTTP yt.innertube::nextId YouTube Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Persistent HTML ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Persistent HTML YtIdbMeta#databases otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Persistent IDB yt-remote-cast-available otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML yt-remote-cast-installed otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML yt-remote-connected-devices otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Persistent HTML yt-remote-device-id otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Persistent HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML yt-remote-session-app otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML yt-remote-session-name otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML Unclassified (8) Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Name Provider Purpose Expiry Type s3/frontify-enterprise-files-eu/eyJvYXV0aCI6eyJjbGllbnRfaWQiOiJmcm9udGlmeS1maW5kZXIifSwicGF0aCI6Im91dG9rdW1wdVwvYWNjb3VudHNcLzBhXC80MDAwMjY3XC9wcm9qZWN0c1wvMlwvYXNzZXRzXC8yNVwvMjAzOFwvYmU2YWQ4NjUxY2Y4ZjdmOTBlN2Q3NzA4MmE1Y2UxMjMtMTU2MDUyMTQwNC5wbmcifQ:out otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Pending Session Pixel __cwr Cision Pending 1 day HTTP compareItems otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Pending Persistent HTML compareLang otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Pending Persistent HTML itemsCategory otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Pending Persistent HTML minimizeFooter otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Pending Persistent HTML com#lang www.outokumpu.com Pending Session HTTP UxSurveyPagesViewed www.outokumpu.com Pending Persistent HTML Back About Skip to Main Content [Accesskey 1] Skip to Main Navigation [Accesskey 2] About Outokumpu Sustainability Investors Careers News Locations Certificates Call us: +358 9 4211 Contact us Steel Finder Products Expertise Industries Surcharges EN English Deutsch Español Suomi Italiano DE ES FI IT Search Search Products Products Products Overview Products Explore our product offering to find the optimal stainless steel for your application. Overview Stainless Steel Ranges Stainless Steel Ranges Stainless Steel Ranges Stainless Steel Ranges Overview Moda Mildly corrosive environments Core Corrosive environments Supra Highly corrosive environments Forta Duplex and other high strength Ultra Extremely corrosive environments Dura High hardness Therma High service temperatures​​ Prodec Superior machinability​ Deco Special surfaces Circle Green Circle Green Circle Green Circle Green Overview Moda Mildly corrosive environments Core Corrosive environments Supra Highly corrosive environments Forta Duplex and other high strength Dura High hardness Flat products Flat products Flat products Flat products Overview Cold rolled coil strip and sheet Hot rolled coil strip and plate Quarto plate Precision strip Specialized components Metal powder Stainless steel types Stainless steel types Stainless steel types Stainless steel types Overview Ferritic Martensitic and PH grades Duplex Austenitic Corrosion tables Services Expertise Expertise Expertise Overview Expertise Explore success stories, insightful articles, webinars and technical content. Overview Articles and cases Blogs Handbooks and guides Corrosion Academy Webinars and events Webinars and events Webinars and events Webinars and events Overview Circle Green webinars Bridge webinars Façade webinars Mobility webinars Oil and Gas webinars Storage tank webinars Collections Collections Sustainability Duplex 90 years Industries Industries Industries Overview Industries Discover how our stainless steel enables modern society through versatile applications in a wide range of environments. Overview Appliances Appliances Appliances Appliances Overview Commercial kitchen Cooking Food industry Home appliances Energy Energy Energy Energy Overview Renewable energy Hydrogen Automotive and transportation Automotive and transportation Automotive and transportation Automotive and transportation Overview Automotive Buses Railway Road tankers Heavy industry Heavy industry Heavy industry Heavy industry Overview Chemical processing Mining and minerals processing Oil and gas Oil and gas Oil and gas Oil and gas Overview Pipes and tubing Pulp and paper Storage tanks Storage tanks Storage tanks Storage tanks Overview Storage tank calculator Building and infrastructure Building and infrastructure Building and infrastructure Building and infrastructure Overview Bridges Bridges Bridges Bridges Overview Design a stainless steel bridge Bridge material selection tool Facades and cladding Interior cladding Structural components Water control Marine Marine Ballast water treatment systems Scrubbers Ships Surcharges Surcharges Surcharges Overview Surcharges Read about Outokumpu alloy surcharges, pricing and conditions of sale. Overview Americas Americas Stainless steel alloy surcharges Americas Europe Europe Stainless steel alloy surcharges Europe Global Global Conditions of sale About Outokumpu About Outokumpu About Outokumpu Overview About Outokumpu Discover what Outokumpu is made of, how we work and are organized and where we are going. Overview Outokumpu in brief Outokumpu in brief Outokumpu in brief Outokumpu in brief Overview History Strategy and vision Organization Organization Organization Organization Overview Business area Americas Business area Europe Business area Ferrochrome Other operations Board of Directors Outokumpu Leadership Team Suppliers Code of Conduct Cybersecurity at Outokumpu SpeakUp misconduct reporting Sustainability Sustainability Sustainability Overview Sustainability Discover how Outokumpu’s sustainable stainless steel contributes to a world that lasts forever. Overview Sustainability strategy Sustainability strategy Sustainability strategy Sustainability strategy Overview Commitments and initiatives UN Sustainable Development Goals ESG advisory council Sustainability contacts Sustainable stainless steel Sustainable stainless steel Sustainable stainless steel Sustainable stainless steel Overview Drivers of sustainable stainless Environmental product declarations Product carbon footprint Product safety Environment Environment Environment Environment Overview Protecting the climate Circular economy Environmental impacts Biodiversity Reporting and data Reporting and data Reporting and data Reporting and data Overview Sustainability data tool Sustainability downloads People and society People and society People and society People and society Overview Our people Health and safety Good corporate citizenship Impact on society and human rights Sustainable supply chain Sustainability governance Sustainability governance Sustainability governance Sustainability governance Overview Code of Conduct SpeakUp misconduct reporting Inner Circle Investors Investors Investors Overview Investors Read more about Outokumpu as an investment and find our financial calendar, share information and investor materials. Overview Outokumpu as an investment Outokumpu as an investment Outokumpu as an investment Outokumpu as an investment Overview CEO's review Strategy and targets Outlook and risks Operating environment Responsible investment Active dialogue with markets Investor calendar and events Investor calendar and events Investor calendar and events Investor calendar and events Overview Capital Markets Day Site visits Webcasts and pre-silent calls Reports and presentations Reports and presentations Reports and presentations Reports and presentations Overview 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Archive Outokumpu share Outokumpu share Outokumpu share Outokumpu share Overview Share information Analysts Consensus estimates Shareholders Management shareholding Dividend Share capital Flagging notifications Treasury shares Reverse split in 2014 Share tools Share tools Share tools Share tools Overview Share monitor Alternative exchanges Share price alert Share price look-up Investment calculator Governance Governance Governance Governance Overview AGM information Board of Directors Leadership team Shareholders Nomination Board Remuneration Insider issues Risk management Disclosure policy Auditors SpeakUp Financials Financials Financials Financials Overview Fact sheet Credit information Stock exchange releases IR Newsletter IR Contacts Careers Careers Careers Overview Careers Discover how our experts are at the heart of our success and find out what opportunities we have to offer for you. Overview Open Positions How to apply Meet our people Ways of working Working with Us Students & early careers Students & early careers Students & early careers Students & early careers Overview Apprenticeship in Germany Leap - Global Opportunity Program Graduates Summer jobs News Locations Certificates Certificates Certificates Overview Certificates Find certificates for our production units and service centers globally. Overview Production unit certificates Service center certificates Steel Finder The global leader in sustainable stainless steel Choose stainless steel without compromises. Outokumpu offers 100% stainless steel with 7% of the emissions. Designed to last forever. Discover our offering Outokumpu's Annual report is out! In 2023, we helped our customers to reduce their CO2 emissions by 12 million tonnes because of our up to 75% lower carbon footprint compared to the industry average. Read more about our achievements in our Annual report, including Sustainability review, Corporate Governance statement, Remuneration report, Financial statements, and Review by the Board of Directors. Explore our reports Expertise Together with our customers, we drive society forward through sustainable solutions. Discover cases, articles, webinars and technical content. Explore our cases In order to view videos on the Outokumpu.com, website you must accept Analytics and Marketing cookies. Accept The stainless steel of tomorrow. Available today. Outokumpu has led the change towards sustainable stainless steel manufacturing for decades with one breakthrough benchmark after another. Outokumpu Circle Green® marks our biggest achievement in this pursuit to date. With a carbon footprint down to 7% of the global average, it surpasses any existing solution in sustainability and sets yet another benchmark. Stainless steel for a wide range of environments Maximizing your performance and optimizing solutions that fit your needs is our priority. Choosing the right stainless steel is the first step towards top-level performance, and Outokumpu experts are ready to identify the right solutions for you. Building & infrastructure Automotive & transportation Appliances Energy & heavy industry In order to view videos on the Outokumpu.com, website you must accept Analytics and Marketing cookies. Accept News May 8th, 2024 Outokumpu and Tetra Pak join forces to reduce emissions – low-... Press Releases May 7th, 2024 Outokumpu interim report January–March 2024: Gradual market re... Stock Exchange Releases May 7th, 2024 Outokumpu increases its EBITDA run-rate improvement target by ... Stock Exchange Releases May 2nd, 2024 Insider information: President and CEO Heikki Malinen to leave... Stock Exchange Releases Apr 24th, 2024 Outokumpu to close its Dahlerbrück and Hockenheim sites in Ger... Press Releases Apr 23rd, 2024 Outokumpu publishes its first-quarter 2024 interim report and ... Press Releases Apr 22nd, 2024 Changes in Outokumpu’s Leadership Team: Marc-Simon Schaar appo... Stock Exchange Releases Apr 19th, 2024 Chopping emissions: ZWILLING launches special edition Earth Da... News Apr 10th, 2024 Change in Outokumpu’s Leadership Team: CFO Pia Aaltonen-Forsel... Stock Exchange Releases Apr 4th, 2024 Outokumpu’s Board of Directors’ decisions on the composition o... Stock Exchange Releases View all Recommended reading View all Q&A How can Outokumpu Circle Green help you reduce your carbon footprint? What sets it... Article Buildings of the big apple Article Ultra Alloy 825 hits the sweet spot for the oil and gas industry Article ZWILLING, one of the global leading supplier of high-quality products for modern h... Blog Outokumpu Connect – how our Customers judge our Portal so far and which developmen... Article Read how V-ZUG views sustainability as being as important as innovation, durabilit... Article Discover how Silvretta Therme Spa’s smooth silver façade was created sustainably w... Article Steel industry's pivotal role in turning COP28 declaration into action Article Providing appliance OEMs with a sustainability edge Our locations around the world Location Type Countries Year Visit Type Results Reset filters No results found Previous Next Our locations around the world In order to interact with the map on the Outokumpu.com website, you must accept Analytics and Marketing cookies. View Map Compare up to 3 products Compare now Compare Clear all Hide Show Keep up to date in the world of stainless steel Stainless insights monthly newsletter Industry updates Subscription center Engage with Outokumpu in social channels linkedin twitter facebook instagram youtube Company Locations Certificates Investors Open positions News Industries Appliances Automotive & transportation Building & infrastructure Energy & heavy industry Products Flat products Product ranges Surcharges Americas Europe Conditions Expertise Contact us Sign up for newsletter Webshop Email preference center © Outokumpu 2024 Privacy notice Cookie declaration Legal notice Contact us We are here to help. Please fill in the form and we will get back to you. First Name Last Name Business email Company Phone number Your country --- Please select --- Afghanistan Albania Algeria Andorra Argentina Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Bosnia and Herzegovina Brazil British Virgin Islands Bulgaria Canada Chile China Colombia Congo Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Ecuador Egypt Estonia Finland France Georgia Germany Gibraltar Greece Guadeloupe Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Ireland Israel Italy Japan Jordan Kuwait Latvia Lebanon Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Malaysia Malta Mauritius Mexico Moldova Morocco Namibia Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Norway Oman Pakistan Panama Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Republic of North Macedonia Reunion Romania Russian Federation San Marino Saudi Arabia Serbia Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa South Korea Spain Sri Lanka Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Thailand Tokelau Islands Tunisia Turkey Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Venezuela Vietnam Zimbabwe Your reason for contact --- Please select --- Sales inquiry Media and sustainability inquiries Technical support Career opportunities Invoicing inquiry Your industry --- Please select --- Architecture and building Authorities and associations Automotive and transportation Chemical process industry Commercial kitchen and catering Distributors and traders Energy Industry Food and beverage Heavy industry Infrastructure Machine building industry Mining and minerals Oil and gas Pulp and paper Tank manufacturing Tube manufacturing Universities and other research centers Water utility Other Your area of interest --- Please select --- Stainless steel flat products Ferrochrome products Tell us more about how we can help you Outokumpu can keep me up to date with timely and relevant information. Outokumpu is committed to keeping personal data confidential and secure, and to processing personal data only in accordance with applicable privacy and data protection laws. Please read our Privacy notice . Want to stay up to date in the world of stainless steel? Subscribe to our newsletter Contact Quick survey: What do you think of our web experience? Rate Us ×

Castelleone Coil Service Center, Italy | Outokumpu This website uses cookies This website uses cookies and 3rd party solutions to provide you with best possible browsing experience, enable site functionalities, and monitor website traffic. You can manage your cookie preferences below and change them at any time from the Cookie declaration on our website. Please note that if cookies are not enabled, your website experience might be limited (e.g. some functionalities missing). Manage preferences Use only necessary cookies Allow all About Manage preferences Necessary Necessary cookies help us make our website usable. They are used for optimizing site performance, enabling basic functions like page navigation, and ensuring the functionality of information security features. As the website cannot function properly without them, the necessary cookies are by default always on. Preferences Preference cookies allow our website to provide personalized content by changing the way the site behaves or looks for different visitors. This information can include for example your preferred language or the region that you are in. Statistics Statistic cookies help us to understand how our visitors interact with the website. This information is collected and reported anonymously, and it allows us for example to identify how we could improve our website. Marketing Marketing cookies track browsing activity. This information is used for showing visitors relevant/personalized marketing content. Some of this information may be personally identifiably and some of the activities tracked may be shared with our marketing partners/third-parties. Back Confirm selection About Cookies overview Allow all cookies [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] Back Confirm selection About Cookies overview About Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages. You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie declaration on our website. Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy notice . Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent. Back Cookies overview Cookies overview Necessary (26) Necessary cookies help us make our website usable. They are used for optimizing site performance, enabling basic functions like page navigation, and ensuring the functionality of information security features. As the website cannot function properly without them, the necessary cookies are by default always on. Name Provider Purpose Expiry Type __cf_bm Cision This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. 1 day HTTP cf_clearance Cision This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. 1 year HTTP test_cookie Google Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. 1 day HTTP CookieConsent [x3] expertise.outokumpu.com secure.outokumpu.com Cookiebot Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain 1 year HTTP rc::a otke-cdn.outokumpu.com This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Persistent HTML rc::c otke-cdn.outokumpu.com This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Session HTML 1.gif Cookiebot Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery. Session Pixel ASP.NET_SessionId [x4] ir.innovatics.fi secure.outokumpu.com Euroland www.outokumpu.com Preserves the visitor's session state across page requests. Session HTTP li_gc LinkedIn Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain 180 days HTTP ARRAffinity [x2] otke-cdn.outokumpu.com www.outokumpu.com Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. Session HTTP ARRAffinitySameSite [x2] otke-cdn.outokumpu.com www.outokumpu.com Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. Session HTTP _OG_GDPR_COOKIE_ Outgrow This cookie determines whether the browser accepts cookies. Session HTTP ELOQUA outokumpu.com Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device upon return visits. Used for auto-populating forms and to validate if a certain contact is registered to an email group. 13 months HTTP pa_enabled Solarwinds Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Persistent HTML ASPSESSIONID# Euroland Preserves users states across page requests. Session HTTP AWSALB Investis Digital Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. 7 days HTTP AWSALBCORS Investis Digital Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. 7 days HTTP bscookie LinkedIn This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. 1 year HTTP __RequestVerificationToken www.outokumpu.com Helps prevent Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) attacks. Session HTTP Preferences (3) Preference cookies allow our website to provide personalized content by changing the way the site behaves or looks for different visitors. This information can include for example your preferred language or the region that you are in. Name Provider Purpose Expiry Type ld_session_id bot.leadoo.com Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Persistent HTML ld_session_origin bot.leadoo.com Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Persistent HTML shell#lang www.outokumpu.com This cookie is used to determine the preferred language of the visitor and sets the language accordingly on the website, if possible. Session HTTP Statistics (37) Statistic cookies help us to understand how our visitors interact with the website. This information is collected and reported anonymously, and it allows us for example to identify how we could improve our website. Name Provider Purpose Expiry Type c.gif Microsoft Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Session Pixel _ga [x5] Google Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. 2 years HTTP _ga_# [x5] Google Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. 2 years HTTP hjActiveViewportIds Hotjar This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience. Persistent HTML hjViewportId Hotjar Saves the user's screen size in order to adjust the size of images on the website. Session HTML AnalyticsSyncHistory LinkedIn Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service. 30 days HTTP __utma Google Collects data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Used by Google Analytics. 2 years HTTP __utmb Google Registers a timestamp with the exact time of when the user accessed the website. Used by Google Analytics to calculate the duration of a website visit. 1 day HTTP __utmc Google Registers a timestamp with the exact time of when the user leaves the website. Used by Google Analytics to calculate the duration of a website visit. Session HTTP __utmd Google This cookie is used to assign specific visitors into segments, this segmentation is based on visitor behavior on the website - the segmentation can be used to target larger groups. 1 day HTTP __utmv Google Saves user-defined tracking parameters for use in Google Analytics. Session HTTP __utmz Google Collects data on where the user came from, what search engine was used, what link was clicked and what search term was used. Used by Google Analytics. 6 months HTTP History.store Cision Contains an visitor ID - This is used to track visitors' navigation and interaction on the website for internal website-optimization. Session HTML _gat [x2] Google Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate 1 day HTTP gaCookie1 Google Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. 2 years HTTP gaCookie1_gid Google Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. 1 day HTTP _clck Microsoft Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. 1 year HTTP _clsk Microsoft Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. 1 day HTTP _hjSession_# Hotjar Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. 1 day HTTP _hjSessionUser_# Hotjar Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. 1 year HTTP _hjTLDTest Hotjar Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Session HTTP _gid Google Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. 1 day HTTP pa Solarwinds Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing. Persistent HTML personalization_id Twitter Inc. This cookie is set by Twitter - The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website onto their Twitter profile. 400 days HTTP _cltk Microsoft Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Session HTML CLID Microsoft Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. 1 year HTTP td Google Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Session Pixel SC_ANALYTICS_GLOBAL_COOKIE www.outokumpu.com Used by Sitecore Engagement Analytics to identify the visitor on repeat visits to the website. 400 days HTTP Marketing (66) Marketing cookies track browsing activity. This information is used for showing visitors relevant/personalized marketing content. Some of this information may be personally identifiably and some of the activities tracked may be shared with our marketing partners/third-parties. Name Provider Purpose Expiry Type _uetsid Microsoft Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Persistent HTML _uetsid_exp Microsoft Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Persistent HTML _uetvid Microsoft Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Persistent HTML _uetvid_exp Microsoft Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Persistent HTML MR [x2] Microsoft Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. 7 days HTTP MUID [x2] Microsoft Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. 1 year HTTP SRM_B Microsoft Tracks the user’s interaction with the website’s search-bar-function. This data can be used to present the user with relevant products or services. 1 year HTTP ld_env bot.leadoo.com Determines how the user accessed the website. This information is used by the website operator in order to measure the efficiency of their marketing. Persistent HTML ld_id bot.leadoo.com Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes. Persistent HTML ANONCHK Microsoft Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. 1 day HTTP SM Microsoft Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device during return visits across websites that use the same ad network. The ID is used to allow targeted ads. Session HTTP lastExternalReferrer Meta Platforms, Inc. Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Persistent HTML lastExternalReferrerTime Meta Platforms, Inc. Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Persistent HTML IDE Google Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. 1 year HTTP pagead/landing Google Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Session Pixel ads/ga-audiences Google Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Session Pixel pagead/1p-conversion/#/ Google Pending Session Pixel pagead/1p-user-list/# Google Pending Session Pixel bcookie LinkedIn Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. 1 year HTTP li_sugr LinkedIn Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. 3 months HTTP lidc LinkedIn Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. 1 day HTTP UserMatchHistory LinkedIn Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. 30 days HTTP _gcl_au [x3] Google Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. 3 months HTTP _fbp Meta Platforms, Inc. Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. 3 months HTTP _lfa [x2] sc.lfeeder.com Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. 1 year HTTP _lfa_test_cookie_stored [x2] sc.lfeeder.com Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. Session HTTP _uetsid Microsoft Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. 1 day HTTP _uetvid Microsoft Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. 1 year HTTP _lfa sc.lfeeder.com Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. Persistent HTML _lfa_expiry sc.lfeeder.com Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Persistent HTML li_adsId LinkedIn Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Persistent HTML 1/i/adsct [x2] Twitter Inc. Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Session Pixel muc_ads Twitter Inc. Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. 400 days HTTP (unnamed) Leadfeeder Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes. Session Pixel guest_id Twitter Inc. Collects data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and which pages have been loaded, with the purpose of personalising and improving the Twitter service. 400 days HTTP guest_id_ads Twitter Inc. Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. 400 days HTTP guest_id_marketing Twitter Inc. Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. 400 days HTTP #-# otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Pending Session HTML iU5q-!O9@$ otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Session HTML LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY YouTube Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Session HTTP LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Pending Persistent IDB nextId YouTube Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Session HTTP remote_sid YouTube Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Session HTTP requests YouTube Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Session HTTP ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Persistent IDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED YouTube Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. 1 day HTTP VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE YouTube Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. 180 days HTTP VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA YouTube Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain 180 days HTTP YSC YouTube Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Session HTTP yt.innertube::nextId YouTube Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Persistent HTML ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Persistent HTML YtIdbMeta#databases otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Persistent IDB yt-remote-cast-available otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML yt-remote-cast-installed otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML yt-remote-connected-devices otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Persistent HTML yt-remote-device-id otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Persistent HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML yt-remote-session-app otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML yt-remote-session-name otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML Unclassified (8) Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Name Provider Purpose Expiry Type s3/frontify-enterprise-files-eu/eyJvYXV0aCI6eyJjbGllbnRfaWQiOiJmcm9udGlmeS1maW5kZXIifSwicGF0aCI6Im91dG9rdW1wdVwvYWNjb3VudHNcLzBhXC80MDAwMjY3XC9wcm9qZWN0c1wvMlwvYXNzZXRzXC8yNVwvMjAzOFwvYmU2YWQ4NjUxY2Y4ZjdmOTBlN2Q3NzA4MmE1Y2UxMjMtMTU2MDUyMTQwNC5wbmcifQ:out otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Pending Session Pixel __cwr Cision Pending 1 day HTTP compareItems otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Pending Persistent HTML compareLang otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Pending Persistent HTML itemsCategory otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Pending Persistent HTML minimizeFooter otke-cdn.outokumpu.com Pending Persistent HTML com#lang www.outokumpu.com Pending Session HTTP UxSurveyPagesViewed www.outokumpu.com Pending Persistent HTML Back About Skip to Main Content [Accesskey 1] Skip to Main Navigation [Accesskey 2] About Outokumpu Sustainability Investors Careers News Locations Certificates Call us: +358 9 4211 Contact us Steel Finder Products Expertise Industries Surcharges EN English Deutsch Español Suomi Italiano DE ES FI IT Search Search Products Products Products Overview Products Explore our product offering to find the optimal stainless steel for your application. Overview Stainless Steel Ranges Stainless Steel Ranges Stainless Steel Ranges Stainless Steel Ranges Overview Moda Mildly corrosive environments Core Corrosive environments Supra Highly corrosive environments Forta Duplex and other high strength Ultra Extremely corrosive environments Dura High hardness Therma High service temperatures​​ Prodec Superior machinability​ Deco Special surfaces Circle Green Circle Green Circle Green Circle Green Overview Moda Mildly corrosive environments Core Corrosive environments Supra Highly corrosive environments Forta Duplex and other high strength Dura High hardness Flat products Flat products Flat products Flat products Overview Cold rolled coil strip and sheet Hot rolled coil strip and plate Quarto plate Precision strip Specialized components Metal powder Stainless steel types Stainless steel types Stainless steel types Stainless steel types Overview Ferritic Martensitic and PH grades Duplex Austenitic Corrosion tables Services Expertise Expertise Expertise Overview Expertise Explore success stories, insightful articles, webinars and technical content. Overview Articles and cases Blogs Handbooks and guides Corrosion Academy Webinars and events Webinars and events Webinars and events Webinars and events Overview Circle Green webinars Bridge webinars Façade webinars Mobility webinars Oil and Gas webinars Storage tank webinars Collections Collections Sustainability Duplex 90 years Industries Industries Industries Overview Industries Discover how our stainless steel enables modern society through versatile applications in a wide range of environments. Overview Appliances Appliances Appliances Appliances Overview Commercial kitchen Cooking Food industry Home appliances Energy Energy Energy Energy Overview Renewable energy Hydrogen Automotive and transportation Automotive and transportation Automotive and transportation Automotive and transportation Overview Automotive Buses Railway Road tankers Heavy industry Heavy industry Heavy industry Heavy industry Overview Chemical processing Mining and minerals processing Oil and gas Oil and gas Oil and gas Oil and gas Overview Pipes and tubing Pulp and paper Storage tanks Storage tanks Storage tanks Storage tanks Overview Storage tank calculator Building and infrastructure Building and infrastructure Building and infrastructure Building and infrastructure Overview Bridges Bridges Bridges Bridges Overview Design a stainless steel bridge Bridge material selection tool Facades and cladding Interior cladding Structural components Water control Marine Marine Ballast water treatment systems Scrubbers Ships Surcharges Surcharges Surcharges Overview Surcharges Read about Outokumpu alloy surcharges, pricing and conditions of sale. Overview Americas Americas Stainless steel alloy surcharges Americas Europe Europe Stainless steel alloy surcharges Europe Global Global Conditions of sale About Outokumpu About Outokumpu About Outokumpu Overview About Outokumpu Discover what Outokumpu is made of, how we work and are organized and where we are going. Overview Outokumpu in brief Outokumpu in brief Outokumpu in brief Outokumpu in brief Overview History Strategy and vision Organization Organization Organization Organization Overview Business area Americas Business area Europe Business area Ferrochrome Other operations Board of Directors Outokumpu Leadership Team Suppliers Code of Conduct Cybersecurity at Outokumpu SpeakUp misconduct reporting Sustainability Sustainability Sustainability Overview Sustainability Discover how Outokumpu’s sustainable stainless steel contributes to a world that lasts forever. Overview Sustainability strategy Sustainability strategy Sustainability strategy Sustainability strategy Overview Commitments and initiatives UN Sustainable Development Goals ESG advisory council Sustainability contacts Sustainable stainless steel Sustainable stainless steel Sustainable stainless steel Sustainable stainless steel Overview Drivers of sustainable stainless Environmental product declarations Product carbon footprint Product safety Environment Environment Environment Environment Overview Protecting the climate Circular economy Environmental impacts Biodiversity Reporting and data Reporting and data Reporting and data Reporting and data Overview Sustainability data tool Sustainability downloads People and society People and society People and society People and society Overview Our people Health and safety Good corporate citizenship Impact on society and human rights Sustainable supply chain Sustainability governance Sustainability governance Sustainability governance Sustainability governance Overview Code of Conduct SpeakUp misconduct reporting Inner Circle Investors Investors Investors Overview Investors Read more about Outokumpu as an investment and find our financial calendar, share information and investor materials. Overview Outokumpu as an investment Outokumpu as an investment Outokumpu as an investment Outokumpu as an investment Overview CEO's review Strategy and targets Outlook and risks Operating environment Responsible investment Active dialogue with markets Investor calendar and events Investor calendar and events Investor calendar and events Investor calendar and events Overview Capital Markets Day Site visits Webcasts and pre-silent calls Reports and presentations Reports and presentations Reports and presentations Reports and presentations Overview 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Archive Outokumpu share Outokumpu share Outokumpu share Outokumpu share Overview Share information Analysts Consensus estimates Shareholders Management shareholding Dividend Share capital Flagging notifications Treasury shares Reverse split in 2014 Share tools Share tools Share tools Share tools Overview Share monitor Alternative exchanges Share price alert Share price look-up Investment calculator Governance Governance Governance Governance Overview AGM information Board of Directors Leadership team Shareholders Nomination Board Remuneration Insider issues Risk management Disclosure policy Auditors SpeakUp Financials Financials Financials Financials Overview Fact sheet Credit information Stock exchange releases IR Newsletter IR Contacts Careers Careers Careers Overview Careers Discover how our experts are at the heart of our success and find out what opportunities we have to offer for you. Overview Open Positions How to apply Meet our people Ways of working Working with Us Students & early careers Students & early careers Students & early careers Students & early careers Overview Apprenticeship in Germany Leap - Global Opportunity Program Graduates Summer jobs News Locations Certificates Certificates Certificates Overview Certificates Find certificates for our production units and service centers globally. Overview Production unit certificates Service center certificates Steel Finder Go to the homepage Locations Castelleone CSC, Italy Castelleone Business area Europe, coil service center Castelleone is one of Outokumpu’s biggest European coil service centers. Tailor-made solutions with short lead times set Castelleone apart from its competitors. Three cut-to-length lines, two slitting lines and four polishing lines (including two coil-to-coil brushing lines and two sheet polishing lines) comprise the coil service center that generates more than 90,000 tonnes of products annually. Polished and brushed surface finishes are a specialty area at Castelleone. An advanced solution uses elastic cork particles to produce Scotch Brite finishes on sheets up to 12 mm thick. Effectively cushioning the grinding process, cork also delivers superior uniformity while eliminating stripes and other marks across the width and length of the coil. The result: flawless surfaces essential in the domestic appliance and catering industries. Castelleone enjoys a unique competitive advantage through its offering of special products from the Outokumpu Pro Family. Duplex and other high strength stainless steels from the Forta range – available only through Outokumpu – are especially popular in the chemical and tank industries. Organization, Management and Control Model Outokumpu S.r.l. has implemented the Organization, Management and Control Model in compliance with the requirements of 231/2001 Italian law. The Model and the Ethic Code, that is essential part of the Model, are the reference point for all Outokumpu S.r.l. activities, which shall be carried out according to the law, honestly, with integrity and good faith, respecting the rights of third parties, employees, shareholders and partners. Key capabilities Tailor-made cutting solutions Thanks to the excellent capabilities of our lines, we can offer a wide range of dimensions and solutions tailored to the customer needs Read more Hide Polished to perfection Scotch brite (cork), a wide range of grit and duplo finishes are available for coil, cold-rolled and hot-rolled sheet Read more Hide Uncommon uniformity The cork scotch brite process delivers the same aesthetic appearance regardless of the material’s original thickness and mill surface Read more Hide Castelleone downloads Certificates and approvals Brochure Italian Law D Lgs 231 01 Environmental labelling of industrial packing Certificates for other locations in Italy ISO 9001 Castelleone Italy Download ISO 9001 Castelleone Italy IT Download ISO 45001 : 2018 (EN) Download ISO 45001 : 2018 (IT) Download ISO 14001 :  2015 (EN) Download ISO 14001 : 2015 (IT) Download Focus on the Outokumpu S.r.l. Service Centre Download Codice Etico Download Modello di Organizzazione Download Etichettatura ambientale degli imballi industriali Download ISO 9001 Genova Italy Download ISO 9001 Genova Italy IT Download ISO 9001 Treviso Italy Download ISO 9001 Treviso Italy IT Download Explore articles and case stories View all Q&A How can Outokumpu Circle Green help you reduce your carbon footprint? What sets it... Article Buildings of the big apple Article Ultra Alloy 825 hits the sweet spot for the oil and gas industry Article ZWILLING, one of the global leading supplier of high-quality products for modern h... Article Read how V-ZUG views sustainability as being as important as innovation, durabilit... Article Discover how Silvretta Therme Spa’s smooth silver façade was created sustainably w... Article Steel industry's pivotal role in turning COP28 declaration into action Article Providing appliance OEMs with a sustainability edge Article Decarbonization is a long-term investment Compare up to 3 products Compare now Compare Clear all Hide Show Keep up to date in the world of stainless steel Stainless insights monthly newsletter Industry updates Subscription center Engage with Outokumpu in social channels linkedin twitter facebook instagram youtube Company Locations Certificates Investors Open positions News Industries Appliances Automotive & transportation Building & infrastructure Energy & heavy industry Products Flat products Product ranges Surcharges Americas Europe Conditions Expertise Contact us Sign up for newsletter Webshop Email preference center © Outokumpu 2024 Privacy notice Cookie declaration Legal notice Contact us We are here to help. Please fill in the form and we will get back to you. First Name Last Name Business email Company Phone number Your country --- Please select --- Afghanistan Albania Algeria Andorra Argentina Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Bosnia and Herzegovina Brazil British Virgin Islands Bulgaria Canada Chile China Colombia Congo Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Ecuador Egypt Estonia Finland France Georgia Germany Gibraltar Greece Guadeloupe Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Ireland Israel Italy Japan Jordan Kuwait Latvia Lebanon Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Malaysia Malta Mauritius Mexico Moldova Morocco Namibia Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Norway Oman Pakistan Panama Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Republic of North Macedonia Reunion Romania Russian Federation San Marino Saudi Arabia Serbia Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa South Korea Spain Sri Lanka Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Thailand Tokelau Islands Tunisia Turkey Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Venezuela Vietnam Zimbabwe Your reason for contact --- Please select --- Sales inquiry Media and sustainability inquiries Technical support Career opportunities Invoicing inquiry Your industry --- Please select --- Architecture and building Authorities and associations Automotive and transportation Chemical process industry Commercial kitchen and catering Distributors and traders Energy Industry Food and beverage Heavy industry Infrastructure Machine building industry Mining and minerals Oil and gas Pulp and paper Tank manufacturing Tube manufacturing Universities and other research centers Water utility Other Your area of interest --- Please select --- Stainless steel flat products Ferrochrome products Tell us more about how we can help you Outokumpu can keep me up to date with timely and relevant information. Outokumpu is committed to keeping personal data confidential and secure, and to processing personal data only in accordance with applicable privacy and data protection laws. Please read our Privacy notice . Want to stay up to date in the world of stainless steel? Subscribe to our newsletter Contact Quick survey: What do you think of our web experience? Rate Us ×

Outokumpu (azienda) - Wikipedia [ nascondi ] Libera la cultura. Dona il tuo 5×1000 a Wikimedia Italia . Scrivi 94039910156. Outokumpu (azienda) Da Wikipedia, l'enciclopedia libera. Vai alla navigazione Vai alla ricerca Outokumpu Logo Stato Finlandia Forma societaria Società di capitali Borse valori Helsinki ISIN FI0009002422 Fondazione 1932 Sede principale Espoo Persone chiave Ole Johansson (CEO) Settore Siderurgica Prodotti Acciaio inossidabile Fatturato 5,474 miliardi di euro (2008) Dipendenti 8.470 (2008) Sito web www.outokumpu.com Modifica dati su Wikidata · Manuale Outokumpu è un gruppo industriale finlandese , con sede a Espoo , che opera nella produzione di acciaio inossidabile . Essa ha tre grandi siti di produzione ubicati in Gran Bretagna a Sheffield , Stocksbridge e Blackburn . L'azienda impiega circa 8.000 dipendenti in 30 nazioni diverse. Per diversi decenni, Outokumpu è stata conosciuta come una società mineraria e metallurgica , ma oggi la sua unica attività mineraria è quella di Kemi . Storia [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] Nel 1908, venne scoperta un grande deposito di rame a Outokumpu nel nord della Carelia . Venne quindi creata una società per lo sfruttamento della miniera e negli anni quaranta , la società sviluppò un processo di raffinazione del metallo. Nel 1992 la British Steel Stainless si fuse con l'azienda svedese Avesta , formando la Avesta Sheffield , che a sua volta, nel 2001 si fuse con Outokumpu, dando così vita al terzo produttore mondiale di acciaio inossidabile del tempo. La nuova società faceva capo al Corus Group , investitore istituzionale svedese, e alla società finlandese Outokumpu. La nuova società venne denominata AvestaPolarit e la sede fu fissata a Stoccolma . Nel 2004 Outokumpu rilevò la totalità delle azioni da Corus, divenendo così l'unica proprietaria della AvestaPolarit , che divenne quindi una sussidiaria del gruppo Outokumpu. Dopo queste operazioni finanziarie le azioni vennero ritirate dalla quotazione presso le borse di Helsinki e Stoccolma, ed oggi esiste soltanto una società denominata Outokumpu con sede a Espoo. Alla fine del 2001, Outokumpu Technology ha acquisito la Lurgi AG . Nell'aprile del 2008 ha acquisito il principale centro di distribuzione di acciaio inossidabile italiano, entrando così anche in Italia nella distribuzione finale. Il 31 gennaio 2012 è stata annunciata l'acquisizione da parte di Outokumpu, per 2,7 miliardi di Euro, della divisione acciaio inossidabile della tedesca ThyssenKrupp , di cui fa parte la controllata Acciai Speciali Terni . Altri progetti [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] Altri progetti Wikimedia Commons Wikimedia Commons contiene immagini o altri file su Outokumpu Collegamenti esterni [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] ( EN , DE , ES , FI ) Sito ufficiale , su outokumpu.com . Outokumpu - stainless steel (canale), su YouTube . mostra V · D · M OMX Helsinki 25 Cargotec · Elisa · Fortum · Huhtamäki · Kemira · Kesko · Kojamo · Konecranes · Kone · Metso Outotec · Metsä Board · Neles · Nokia · Neste · Nokian Tyres · Nordea · Orion · Sampo Group · Sanoma · Stora Enso · Telia Company · Tietoevry · UPM-Kymmene · Valmet · Wärtsilä Blue chip · Borsa valori · Borsa di Helsinki · Indice azionario Controllo di autorità ISNI ( EN ) 0000 0004 0464 222X Portale Aziende Portale Ingegneria Estratto da " https://it.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Outokumpu_(azienda)&oldid=133399105 " Categorie : Aziende fondate nel 1932 Aziende finlandesi Aziende quotate presso la OMX [altre] Categorie nascoste: P154 letta da Wikidata P159 letta da Wikidata P856 letta da Wikidata Voci con template Collegamenti esterni e qualificatori sconosciuti P2397 letta da Wikidata Voci con codice ISNI Voci non biografiche con codici di controllo di autorità Menu di navigazione Strumenti personali Accesso non effettuato discussioni contributi registrati entra Namespace Voce Discussione italiano Visite Leggi Modifica Modifica wikitesto Cronologia Altro Ricerca Navigazione Pagina principale Ultime modifiche Una voce a caso Nelle vicinanze Vetrina Aiuto Sportello informazioni Comunità Portale Comunità Bar Il Wikipediano Fai una donazione Contatti Strumenti Puntano qui Modifiche correlate Carica su Commons Pagine speciali Link permanente Informazioni pagina Cita questa voce Ottieni URL breve Scarica codice QR Elemento Wikidata Espandi tutto Stampa/esporta Crea un libro Scarica come PDF Versione stampabile In altri progetti Wikimedia Commons In altre lingue العربية تۆرکجه Dansk Deutsch English Español فارسی Suomi Français Bahasa Indonesia Latviešu Nederlands Norsk bokmål Português Русский Svenska 中文 Modifica collegamenti Questa pagina è stata modificata per l'ultima volta il 7 mag 2023 alle 19:47. Il testo è disponibile secondo la licenza Creative Commons Attribuzione-Condividi allo stesso modo ; possono applicarsi condizioni ulteriori. Vedi le condizioni d'uso per i dettagli. Informativa sulla privacy Informazioni su Wikipedia Avvertenze Codice di condotta Sviluppatori Statistiche Dichiarazione sui cookie Versione mobile Modifica impostazioni anteprima

Outokumpu - Wikipedia Jump to content Main menu Main menu move to sidebar hide Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Donate Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Search Search Create account Log in Personal tools Create account Log in Pages for logged out editors learn more Contributions Talk Toggle the table of contents Contents move to sidebar hide (Top) 1 Company history 2 Production sites Toggle Production sites subsection 2.1 Finland 2.2 Sweden 2.3 United Kingdom 2.4 Germany 2.5 U.S. and Mexico 3 Organization 4 References 5 External links Outokumpu 17 languages العربية تۆرکجه Dansk Deutsch Español فارسی Français Bahasa Indonesia Italiano Latviešu Nederlands Norsk bokmål Português Русский Suomi Svenska 中文 Edit links Article Talk English Read Edit View history Tools Tools move to sidebar hide Actions Read Edit View history General What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Cite this page Get shortened URL Download QR code Wikidata item Edit interlanguage links Expand all Print/export Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Finnish group of companies This article is about the company. For the Finnish city, see Outokumpu, Finland . Outokumpu Oyj Company type Public company Traded as Nasdaq Helsinki : OUT1V Industry Stainless steel Founded 1914 Headquarters Helsinki , Finland Key people Kari Jordan (chairman) , Heikki Malinen (President and CEO) Products Stainless steel Revenue €7.7 billion (2021) Operating income €705 million (2021) Net income €553 million (2021) Number of employees 9,395 (2021) Website www.outokumpu.com Footnotes / references [1] Outokumpu Oyj is a group of international companies headquartered in Helsinki , Finland , employing 10,600 employees in more than 30 countries. Outokumpu is the largest producer of stainless steel in Europe and the second largest producer in the Americas. Outokumpu also has a long history as a mining company, and still mines chromium ore in Keminmaa for use as ferrochrome in stainless steel.
The largest shareholder of Outokumpu is the Government of Finland , with 26.6% ownership, including the shares controlled by Solidium , The Social Insurance Institution of Finland , Finnish State Pension Fund and Municipality Pension Agency . [ citation needed ] Company history [ edit ] In 1908, a large deposit of copper ore was discovered in Outokumpu , in Northern Karelia . Outokumpu was established to develop the now-exhausted mine. In the 1940s, Outokumpu developed the flash smelting process for smelting copper. [2] From 1986 to 1988 Outokumpu participated in a stainless steel cartel; it was caught in 1990, but not fined. [3] From 1988 to 2001 Outokumpu and the Swedish company Boliden participated in a cartel for copper tubing in the European market. [4] In 2001 Avesta Sheffield —which was formed from a 1991 merger of British Steel Stainless with the Swedish firm Avesta (as in Avesta Municipality )—merged with Outokumpu, forming the third-largest stainless steel producing company in the world at the time.  The new company named AvestaPolarit , headquartered in Stockholm, was jointly owned by Outokumpu and the Corus Group of Swedish institutional investors. [ citation needed ] In September 2001, Outokumpu's plant construction branch Outokumpu Technology bought the German Lurgi Metallurgie in Frankfurt. [ citation needed ] In December 2003 and September 2004, the EC fined Outokumpu €36.14 million for its copper tubing cartel activity. [4] In 2004, Outokumpu bought the shares owned by Corus, so AvestaPolarit became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Outokumpu Group, delisted from the Helsinki and Stockholm stock exchanges, and only Outokumpu remained, headquartered in Espoo . In 2005, Outokumpu sold its copper branch, Outokumpu Copper, except for the copper tube and brass division, which as of 2011, is a subsidiary of Mitsubishi Materials known as Luvata International, [5] and Outokumpus zinc branch merged with the Swedish company Boliden .  At the same time Outokumpu sold all Boliden shares. 
In June 2006, Outokumpu Technology was spun off as a separate, renamed Outotec in April 2007. [ citation needed ] On 31 March 2008, the cold rolling mill in Sheffield was closed in a company-wide 10% fixed cost reduction plan. The melt shop in Sheffield continues producing material for long steel products . In April 2008 OTK exited the copper business by selling its remaining copper tube and brass division to Cupori Group Oy. [6] On 31 January 2012, Outokumpu announced it would buy Inoxum, the stainless steel division of German ThyssenKrupp , for 2.7 billion euros. At the time, Finnish state capital controlled 40% of Outokumpu. [7] In November 2012, the European Commission found this acquisition would have created an EU market dominance for cold-rolled stainless steel flat products with Outokumpu market share above 50%. The EC cleared the merger on the condition that the Italian Inoxum subsidiary Acciai Speciali Terni (AST) was excluded from the deal, and OTK acquired Inoxum in December 2012. [8] Through Inoxum, Outokumpu acquired stainless steel mills in China, Mexico, Bochum, Germany , Werdohl, Germany , and in Calvert, Alabama, USA. On 30 November 2013, Outokumpu announced it would sell AST, certain service centers and the VDM Metals business to Thyssen Krupp, and in turn, ThyssenKrupp would sell its 29.9% shares in Outokumpu, and sever all other "relevant links" between the two companies. [9] At the same time, on 30 November 2013, Thyssen Krupp announced the same: that it would reacquire AST and other so-called 'remedy assets' as well as VDM (high-performance alloys) from Outokumpu, that it would sell its 29.9% shares in Outokumpu, and sever all other "relevant links" between the two companies. In February 2014, the EC cleared the AST and VDM acquisition by ThyssenKrupp. [10] In July 2014, Outokumpu agreed to settle with Boliden and engineering group IMI, who had sued Outokumpu in 2012 to cover Boliden's losses from the lawsuit over price-fixing of copper tubing. [11] In October 2015, Outokumpu announced the divestment of 55% shares in its Shanghai-based joint venture between Outokumpu (60%) and Baosteel (40%), Shanghai Krupp Stainless (SKS), to Chinese real-estate investment fund Lujiazui International Trust Co. Ltd. [12] In a second step, Outokumpu divested the remaining 5% of its holdings in February 2016 to the same investor. In total Outokumpu recorded a non-recurring capital gain of EUR 389 million (net of taxes and debt repayment) for the sale of the entire 60% share in SKS. At the same time, the Board of Directors of SKS decided to stop the operations of SKS and release the workforce. [13] In March 2017, employing 100 people, the company opened its global service center in Vilnius , Lithuania. [14] In April 2020, Outokumpu named former Posti CEO Heikki Malinen as the next chief executive of the company. [15] Production sites [ edit ] Finland [ edit ] Outokumpu's largest production facilities are the integrated steel mills of the Tornio Works , in the small Finnish town Tornio on the coast of Gulf of Bothnia . Tornio Works produces hot rolled and cold rolled coils and sheets cut from coil, with an annual output of one million tonnes. The site consists of ferrochrome smelting, two steel-melting shops, a hot rolling mill and two cold rolling mills. The steel works were built in 1975–1976. The first stainless cast was made in May 1976, week 19, thus it has got the heat number 61901.The main marketing area is the EU. Up to 85% of the products are exported all around the world. Kemi mine in Keminmaa near Tornio provides chromite, the raw material for chrome, needed to make stainless steel. In 2012, the quantity of chromite was estimated to a depth of one kilometer, totalling some 105 million tonnes. [16] Sweden [ edit ] Avesta Sheffield was acquired 2001 and consists of a stainless steel mill with melting shop, hot rolling for heavy plates, hot rolling for 2000 mm width coils by Steckel mill and cold rolling mills. Avesta developed special stainless steel grades, high-alloy austenitic and duplex grades, optimized for good formability, weldability and high corrosion resistance. [16] Avesta has a long history in steelmaking, as does Sheffield in the UK where stainless steel was invented. Thin Strip Nyby (see also Nyby bruk ) produces cold rolled stainless steel, concentrating on special grades, part of the Special Coil business line. [16] Nyby Ironworks in Torshälla was founded in 1829 by Adolf Zethelius , but ironworking on the site is first documented in the 15th century when the Bishop of nearby Strängnäs founded hammer forges by the waterfall near Nyby. The Degerfors Long Products steelworks was owned in 2021 by the Outokumpu conglomerate. [17] United Kingdom [ edit ] After the Avesta Sheffield acquisition, Outokumpu owned the Sheffield facility in the UK includes a melt shop, continuous casting , a bar finishing facility and rod mill which are part of Outokumpu's Long Products business, also a stocking, processing and distribution center.  Production includes stainless steel in coil, plate, sheet, coiled rod, bar and rebar forms; semi-finished products including slab, bloom, billet and ingot are also manufactured. [18] Outokumpu's UK acquisitions derived from the works created in 1950 as a joint venture between Firth Vickers (see Firth and Vickers ) and Samuel Fox and Company for cold rolling stainless steel, established at Shepcote Lane, Sheffield, originally manufactured under the Staybrite brand.  In 1967 the industry was nationalized into the British Steel Corporation . Outokumpu's original three sites in the UK were in Sheffield, Stocksbridge , and Blackburn . In 2005 the cold rolling and finishing units, Coil Products Sheffield on Shepcote Lane were closed, with the loss of over 600 jobs.  Production ceased in the first half of 2006.  The company continued the melting shop, special strip cold rolling and finishing, bar rolling, and UK distribution.  At the end of March 2008 the Stocksbridge site production ceased after 80 years, with work transferring to its Meadowhall site. In 2023, Outokumpu divested its Long Products business, including the melting, rod and bar operations in Sheffield, UK, to Marcegaglia. Outokumpu retains service center and sales company in Sheffield. [19] Germany [ edit ] As of 2018 there are production sites in Krefeld , Dillenburg and Dahlerbrück . The Krefeld mill with 100 years of experience in stainless steel production, closed its melt shop in December 2012 and re-focused on cold rolling and R&D.  The nearby Benrath cold rolling mill in Düsseldorf was relocated and joined with Krefeld operations, to make a range of grades, dimensions and surface finishes.  The Dahlerbrück cold rolling mill is located in Sauerland producing precision strip and looks back on a 300-year tradition of iron and steelmaking.  The cold rolling mill in Dillenburg specializes on surface finishes for example in architecture, building and construction. The Bochum melt shop was closed in 2014. [20] U.S. and Mexico [ edit ] Outokumpu has a melt shop and cold-rolling mill in Calvert, Alabama (purchased from ThyssenKrupp ) and a cold rolling mill in San Luis Potosí (Mexico) which manufactures coil, strip, sheet, circles and plate. [21] Organization [ edit ] The company is led by a board of directors and a leadership team. [22] As of June 2022, the members of the Outokumpu Leadership Team held the following positions: [23] President and chief executive officer, Heikki Malinen , b. 1962, Finnish citizen Chief Financial Officer, Pia Aaltonen-Forsell , b. 1974, Finnish citizen Chief Human Resources Officer, Johann Steiner , b. 1966, German citizen President – business line, Advanced Materials, Thomas Anstots , b. 1962, German citizen Chief Technology Officer, Stefan Erdmann , b. 1972, German citizen President – business area Ferrochrome, Martti Sassi , b. 1964, Finnish citizen President – business line, Stainless Europe, Niklas Wass , b. 1977, Swedish citizen President – business area Americas, Tamara Weinert , b. 1965, German citizen References [ edit ] ^ Outokumpu Annual Report 2021, https://www.outokumpu.com/en/investors/materials/2021 ^ B. Honig; et al., eds. (2014). Handbook of Organizational and Entrepreneurial Ingenuity . Edward Elgar Publishing. p. 257. ^ "STAINLESS STEEL CARTEL COMMISSION FINES SEVEN MAJOR PRODUCERS A TOTAL OF 425 000 ECU" . European Commission. 18 July 1990 . Retrieved 18 August 2014 . ^ Jump up to: a b "Commission fines companies in industrial copper tubes cartel" . European Commission. 3 September 2004 . Retrieved 18 August 2014 . ^ "Luvata in Russia" . Retrieved 1 April 2014 . ^ "Outokumpu's remaining copper tube assets sold to Cupori Group" . Archived from the original on 17 May 2008 . Retrieved 18 July 2008 . ^ Gerlach, Marilyn; Vassinen, Eero (31 January 2012). "Outokumpu to buy Thyssen stainless steel unit in $3.5" . Reuters. ^ "Outokumpu has completed the Inoxum transaction and assumes the leading position in the stainless steel industry" (press release). Espoo,Finland: Outokumpu. 28 December 2012. ^ "Outokumpu announces comprehensive measures to strengthen balance sheet and divests Terni and VDM to ThyssenKrupp" (press release). Espoo, Finland: Outokumpu. 30 November 2013. ^ European Commission (12 February 2014). "Mergers: Commission clears reacquisition of Acciai Speciali Terni and VDM by ThyssenKrupp, concluding the remedy implementation process following the Outokumpu/Inoxum merger" . Press release . Brussels . Retrieved 25 February 2014 . ^ "Steel giant Outokumpu agrees pay-out over cartel claims" . Yle Uutiset . 15 July 2014 . Retrieved 18 August 2014 . ^ "Outokumpu divests 55 percent of a Chinese joint venture for EUR 370 million" (press release). Espoo, Finland: Outokumpu. 19 October 2015. ^ "Outokumpu divests its remaining share of the SKS, operations to be stopped" (press release). Helsinki, Finland: Outokumpu. 2 February 2016. Archived from the original on 6 December 2018 . Retrieved 1 November 2018 . ^ "Suomijos nerūdijančio plieno milžinė atidarė biurą Vilniuje – įdarbins 100 darbuotojų" . ^ "Former Posti CEO lands top job at steel firm Outokumpu" . Yle Uutiset . Retrieved 16 April 2020 . ^ Jump up to: a b c "Outokumpu production sites in Sweden" . outokumpu.com. Archived from the original on 30 August 2014 . Retrieved 25 February 2014 . ^ "Degerfors Long Products" . Outokumpu . Retrieved 3 April 2021 . ^ "Outokumpu production sites in the UK" . outokumpu.com. Archived from the original on 31 August 2014 . Retrieved 25 February 2014 . ^ "Outokumpu has completed the divestment of majority of its Long Products business" . outokumpu.com . Retrieved 14 September 2023 . ^ "Outokumpu production sites in Germany" . Archived from the original on 25 February 2014 . Retrieved 25 February 2014 . ^ "Outokumpu in Americas" . Retrieved 14 September 2023 . ^ "Outokumpu's organization" . Retrieved 25 February 2014 . ^ "Leadership Team" . Retrieved 4 August 2022 . External links [ edit ] Media related to Outokumpu (company) at Wikimedia Commons Official website Financial data show v t e OMX Helsinki 25 companies of Finland Cargotec Elisa Fortum Huhtamäki Kesko Kojamo [ fi ] KONE Konecranes Metso Metsä Board Neste Nokia Nokian Tyres Nordea Orion Corporation Outokumpu Qt Group Sampo SSAB Stora Enso Telia Tietoevry UPM Valmet Wärtsilä show v t e Companies listed in Nasdaq Helsinki Afarak Group [ fi ] Aktia Bank Alisa Pankki [ fi ] Alma Media Anora Group Apetit [ fi ] Aspo [ fi ] Aspocomp Group [ fi ] Atria Bank of Åland Biohit Bittium Boreo [ fi ] CapMan Cargotec Caverion Citycon Componenta Consti [ fi ] Digia [ fi ] Digitalist Group [ fi ] Dovre Group [ fi ] Eezy [ fi ] Elecster [ fi ] Elisa Endomines [ fi ] Enento Group [ fi ] Enersense [ fi ] eQ Bank Etteplan [ fi ] Evli [ fi ] Exel Composites F-Secure Finnair Fiskars Fortum Glaston [ fi ] Gofore [ fi ] Harvia HKScan Honkarakenne Huhtamäki Ilkka Incap [ fi ] Innofactor Investors House [ fi ] Kamux [ fi ] Kemira Keskisuomalainen [ fi ] Kesko Kesla [ fi ] KH Group Kojamo [ fi ] Kone Konecranes Koskisen [ fi ] Kreate [ fi ] Lassila & Tikanoja [ fi ] Lehto Group [ fi ] Mandatum [ fi ] Marimekko Martela Metso Metsä Board Musti Group [ fi ] Neste NoHo Partners [ fi ] Nokia Nokian Tyres Nordea Nurminen Logistics [ fi ] Olvi Oma Säästöpankki [ fi ] Optomed [ fi ] Oriola [ fi ] Orion Corporation Orthex Outokumpu Ovaro Kiinteistösijoitus [ fi ] Panostaja [ fi ] Pihlajalinna [ fi ] Ponsse PunaMusta Media Purmo Group [ fi ] Puuilo QPR Software Qt Group Raisio Group Rapala Raute [ fi ] Reka Industrial [ fi ] Remedy Entertainment Revenio Group [ fi ] Robit [ fi ] Rovio Entertainment Saga Furs [ fi ] Sampo Group Sanoma Scanfil [ fi ] Siili Solutions [ fi ] Sitowise [ fi ] Solteq [ fi ] Sotkamo Silver [ fi ] SRV-yhtiöt [ fi ] SSAB SSH Communications Security Stockmann Stora Enso Suominen Corporation Taaleri Talenom [ fi ] Tecnotree Teleste Telia Company Terveystalo Tietoevry Tokmanni Trainers' House [ fi ] Tulikivi [ fi ] United Bankers [ fi ] UPM Vaisala Valmet Valoe [ fi ] Verkkokauppa.com Viking Line Wärtsilä Wetteri [ fi ] WithSecure [ fi ] Wulff-Yhtiöt [ fi ] YIT List of companies of Finland • OMX Helsinki 25 Authority control databases ISNI Retrieved from " https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Outokumpu&oldid=1217876603 " Categories : Outokumpu Manufacturing companies based in Helsinki Manufacturing companies established in 1932 Companies listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Companies in the OMX Helsinki 25 Finnish brands Mining companies of Finland Steel companies of Finland Non-renewable resource companies established in 1932 1932 establishments in Finland Hidden categories: Articles with short description Short description is different from Wikidata Use dmy dates from April 2014 All articles with unsourced statements Articles with unsourced statements from June 2021 Articles with unsourced statements from March 2017 Commons category link is on Wikidata Official website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia Articles with ISNI identifiers This page was last edited on 8 April 2024, at 11:39 (UTC) . Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License 4.0 ;
additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. , a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Code of Conduct Developers Statistics Cookie statement Mobile view Toggle limited content width

