HOME / Profimed Questo sito NON utilizza alcun cookie di profilazione. Possono invece essere utilizzati cookie legati alla presenza di plugin di terze parti. 
Se vuoi saperne di più sull'utilizzo dei cookie nel sito e leggere come disabilitarne l'uso, leggi l'informativa estesa sull'uso dei cookie.
Continuando la navigazione si acconsente all'utilizzo dei cookie. Approfondisci Accetta ProfiMed Italiano | English LAVORA CON NOI AZIENDA PRODOTTI QUALITÀ R&S NEWS P-MASK CONTATTI CAMBIA LE REGOLE DELL’IGIENE DENTALE ED ESPRIMI APPIENO TE STESSO CON IL SUPPORTO E L’INNOVAZIONE CHE PROFIMED OFFRE COME PRINCIPALE FORNITORE DI FILO INTERDENTALE x Benvenuti in ProfiMed , il principale produttore di filo interdentale , scelto dalle principali marche globali e rivenditori di tutto il mondo. Con noi, non solo avrete accesso a un filo interdentale di alta qualità, ma anche la stimolante opportunità di creare il vostro prodotto, supportati da un team di esperti dedicato al vostro progetto. Il nostro impegno per l'eccellenza è garantito da certificazioni di livello mondiale e da rigorose verifiche dei fornitori , che assicurano la qualità e l'affidabilità di ogni nostro prodotto. Sviluppate la vostra creatività con il nostro dipartimento di Ricerca e Sviluppo interno , sempre pronto a trasformare le vostre idee innovative in realtà. Collaboriamo per progettare il filo interdentale perfetto, adattato alle esigenze specifiche del vostro mercato di riferimento! Esplorate la vasta gamma di filati, aromi e trattamenti per dare vitalità al vostro filo. In ProfiMed, la sostenibilità è al centro dei nostri valori. Cerchiamo e utilizziamo attivamente le materie prime più ecologiche , conformi alle rigide certificazioni ambientali. Questo impegno ci consente di offrire soluzioni che si distinguono sia in termini di prestazioni che di sostenibilità. Vivete un'esperienza unica con ProfiMed, dove innovazione, supporto e qualità si fondono per rendere unici i vostri progetti di filo interdentale. Iniziate oggi il vostro percorso verso soluzioni premium per l'igiene orale! NEWS SCOPRI IL NOSTRO NON-CATALOGUE una guida che ti aiuterà a capire, passo dopo passo, come creare il tuo filo interdentale NEWS SCOPRI LE NOSTRE ULTIME INNOVAZIONI NEWS PROSSIMI EVENTI – PLMA Amsterdam 2024 clicca qui per fissare il tuo appuntamento al nostro stand! Azienda Prodotti Qualità R&S News P-Mask Contatti Privacy via P.F. Moia, 86-94 IT 20861 – Brugherio (MB) tel. +39 02 95343578 fax +39 02 95288742 info@profimed.it ProfiMed © ProfiMed Srl  -  P. IVA e Cod. Fisc. 07688980155 - Cap. soc. € 119.000,00 int. vers. - REA n. MB-2509448 – Registro imprese Monza-Brianza 07688980155 Sito per la consultazione del dettaglio dei contributi pubblici percepiti: link

Company / Profimed This website does not utilize profiling cookies. However, there might be cookies connected to the use of third party plugins. If you want to know more about the use of cookies on the website and read about how to deactivate them, take a look at the extended cookie policy. By continuing the navigation you accept the use of cookies. Learn More Accept ProfiMed Italiano | English COMPANY PRODUCTS QUALITY R&D NEWS P-MASK CONTACT US Dental floss? It’s our passion! The production of dental floss requires a lot of attention in all its phases. We have around 40 machines available to produce our bobbins and a team made of about 100 people that, every day, with devotion and passion, strive to make that dream of a brighter future come true: a world of shiny smiles, the best oral care experience ever . Exclusive advanced technology allows us to reach a production capacity of 40 million pieces per year through cost capitalization. When it comes to creating a new dental floss project, we stand out for our consolidated protocols and processes, proven to actively involve and reassure our customers at any stage of their dental floss project development, avoiding missing information and delays in every phase. Our products are sold all over the world and our flexibility allows us to satisfy most requests, such as floss on spools or bobbins, assembled in a container, shelf-ready products. Some of the brands we produce for: ProfiMed Company Profile We are ready for the dental floss challenge. Put us to the test! Explore our Company Profile to discover our greatest passion – none other than dental floss! The passion for dental floss started more than 30 years ago, when a young and ambitious couple, Elena Longoni and Ciro Lai, opened their first workshop in Trieste. This is where the first dental floss bobbins rolled out and were sold to dental distributors in 1994. Elena and Ciro strongly believed in the dream that they could offer a flossing experience like never before. In 1997, they closed their workshop on the Adriatic Sea to pursue a new dream: a new factory in Sesto San Giovanni. As time went by, market demands and their skills grew hand in hand, so that they needed to move again to Cassina De' Pecchi and then to Brugherio, where, together with their daughter and son, they still run the company today. Nothing great in the world has ever been accomplished without passion and ProfiMed has found its “element” in dental floss Our mission is to be the reference point for all companies, brands, large-scale distribution brands, pharmacy chains and creative and dynamic start-ups who want to stand out for the quality , customization and eco-sustainability of their dental floss, designed and built on the specific needs of the most demanding customers and distribution channels. Our goals meet our values Establishing ourselves as a leading sustainable and advanced technology company Granting the highest quality standards existing on the market today Offering versatility and reliability Being passionate about our customer’s success and building a trustworthy and transparent long-term relationship Offering a totally integrated system of research , creativity and manufacturing processes Caring about profitability as the mechanism to drive growth and impact, while keeping products competitive and affordable at all stages. Our “how” for a unique dental floss Our knowledge and experience has turned us into the largest and most unique European dental floss contract manufacturer. A fully-fledged in-house service “from product briefing to shipment" is the core of our success. We are able to care about all our international customers in more than 30 countries , where we export 90% of our production. Our vision is green PLANET: Eco-friendly manufacturing for the lowest possible environmental footprint. Our top-notch sun-powered factory is built with the latest technology advancements in mind. PEOPLE: Socially responsible in the choice of an unparalleled array of eco-friendly yarns, ingredients and packaging which will blow your mind and make you dream of a fantastic future in harmony with mother nature. PROFESSIONAL: Evidence-based innovations endorsed by professionals to provide consumers with the confidence to make the switch to a sustainable future . Quality We pride ourselves in boasting the latest and most updated quality certifications, such as: ISO 9001:2015 ISO 22716:2007 IFS-HPC 2016 FDA 21 cfr 820 For more information, please see here Company Products Quality R&D News P-Mask Contact us Privacy via P.F. Moia, 86-94 IT 20861 – Brugherio (MB) tel. +39 02 95343578 fax +39 02 95288742 info@profimed.it ProfiMed © ProfiMed Srl  -  P. IVA e Cod. Fisc. 07688980155 - Cap. soc. € 119.000,00 int. vers. - REA n. MB-2509448 – Registro imprese Monza-Brianza 07688980155 Website for consulting the details of public grants received: link

CONTACT US / Profimed This website does not utilize profiling cookies. However, there might be cookies connected to the use of third party plugins. If you want to know more about the use of cookies on the website and read about how to deactivate them, take a look at the extended cookie policy. By continuing the navigation you accept the use of cookies. Learn More Accept ProfiMed Italiano | English COMPANY PRODUCTS QUALITY R&D NEWS P-MASK CONTACT US Contacts us We appreciate your message! Name * Surname * Company name * E-mail * Phone number Message * I authorise the handling of my personal details according to the PRIVACY POLICY Send Operational and legal headquarters ProfiMed Srl via P. Moia, 90 IT - 20861 Brugherio (MB) telefono +39 02 95343578 - 8725131 fax +39 02 95288742 e-mail: info@profimed.it Watch on Google maps A person for each need Managing director: Elena Longoni e.longoni@profimed.it Chief operating officer: Ciro Lai c.lai@profimed.it Marketing: Luigi Torre marketing@profimed.it Quality: Anna Peri quality3@profimed.it Sales: Elena Ghelfi sales1@profimed.it Logistics: Domenico Tavella logistic@profimed.it Newsletter Let’s stay connected! Subscribe to ProfiMed's newsletter and get the latest updates straight to your inbox! E-mail Send I authorise the handling of my personal details according to the PRIVACY POLICY Corporate data P. IVA e Cod. Fisc. 07688980155 Cap. soc. € 119.000,00 int. vers. REA n. MB-2509448 Registro imprese Monza-Brianza 07688980155 Company Products P-Mask Quality R&D News Contact us Privacy via P.F. Moia, 86-94 IT 20861 – Brugherio (MB) tel. +39 02 95343578 fax +39 02 95288742 info@profimed.it ProfiMed © ProfiMed Srl  -  P. IVA e Cod. Fisc. 07688980155 - Cap. soc. € 119.000,00 int. vers. - REA n. MB-2509448 – Registro imprese Monza-Brianza 07688980155 Website for consulting the details of public grants received: link

ProfiMed Srl | LinkedIn LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads ) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy . Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings . Accept Reject Skip to main content LinkedIn Articles People Learning Jobs Join now Sign in ProfiMed Srl Personal Care Product Manufacturing Brugherio, Lombardia 708 followers Dental floss? It's our passion! 
Made-in-Italy EU leader in dental floss private label contract manufacturing. Follow View all 40 employees Report this company About us We are the largest European dental floss contract manufacturers company, leader in innovation, reliable and eco-sustainable solutions for your oral care private label brand.

Founded in 1985, ProfiMed is the reference point for companies, brands, large-scale distribution brands, pharmacy chains and creative and dynamic oral care start-ups that stand out for quality, customization, eco-sustainability of their dental floss, always designed to challenge the most demanding markets and price target. 
A “360°in-house service “from product briefing to shipment" is the core of our success. 

We do serve all our international customers in more than 30 countries, with care and efficiency on a daily base, exporting 90% of our production worldwide.
More than 30 years’ experience in the dental floss production, made us strongly believe in cost effective manufacturing process and high-quality material, tighten to a real passion for our job and a strong hint of Made in Italy creativity.
We have 40 machines available to produce our bobbins and a team made of about 100 people, who consistently strive with devotion and passion to make that dream of a brighter future come true: a world of shiny smiles, the best oral care experience ever!
Exclusive advanced technology allows us to reach a production capacity of 50 million bobbins per year through cost capitalization. When it comes to creating a new dental floss project, we reply with our consolidated protocols and processes, proven to actively involve and reassure our customers at any stage of their dental floss project development, avoiding missing information and delays in every phase. Website http://www.profimed.it/ External link for ProfiMed Srl Industry Personal Care Product Manufacturing Company size 51-200 employees Headquarters Brugherio, Lombardia Type Partnership Founded 1985 Specialties Cosmetica - Filo interdentale, Oral care, Dental floss, Private Label, medicaldevices, and surgicalmasks Locations Primary Via Moia, 90 Brugherio, Lombardia 20861, IT Get directions Employees at ProfiMed Srl Elena Ghelfi I am seeking companies, brands, retailers, pharmacy chains and dynamic start-ups that aspire to stand out for the quality, customization, and… Daniela Tavaglione HR Manager presso ProfiMed Srl Anna Peri QA Nunzio Ferrara Responsabile di magazzino | Impiegato di magazzino | Impiegato Logistico See all employees Updates ProfiMed Srl 708 followers 1d Edited Report this post Meet our Microfiber 5 heads - thinner than a hair

💡 The microfiber dental floss is formed by 5 basic threads of polyester polymer paired together reaching a final title of about 850 dtex.
Microfiber is a synthetic fiber characterized by its extraordinary fineness, with a single title of 1-1.3 decitex/head (this is 1/100 of the diameter of a human hair).
Despite its very fine quality, the Polyester yarn has exceptional strength while maintaining a comfort level on the gum pockets that can be compared to natural fibers.
It is indeed particularly soft and of impalpable lightness as well as delicate due to its low linear density.

🚀 Learn more about this amazing product at the next PLMA Amsterdam next 28-29 May 2024. 
NON FOOD SECTION
RAI Holland Complex / Hall 12
Stand number: 12.C60

🎁 Write us to receive your free samples: sales1@profimed.it www.profimed.it Dental floss? It's our passion! #PLMA #PrivateLabel #OralCare #DentalFloss #OralHygiene #PLMA2024 3 Like Comment Share ProfiMed Srl 708 followers 2mo Report this post 😍 We are super happy to announce our presence at the next PLMA in Amsterdam next 28-29 May!
You can't miss all the news we prepared for you. This is why you are invited at our booth: 

NON FOOD SECTION
Rai Holland Complex / Hall 12
Stand number: 12.C60

Confirm your appointment at info@profimed.it and visit our new website: https://lnkd.in/eTF6vfKp 3 Like Comment Share ProfiMed Srl 708 followers 2mo Report this post 🌍 LET'S MAKE A POSITIVE IMPACT, ONE FLOSS AT A TIME!

⭐ Say goodbye to plastic waste and hello to sustainable dental care! Made from high-quality durable glass, it is the perfect companion for your daily oral hygiene routine!

🌱 Not only does look elegant on your bathroom counter, but it also helps reduce plastic waste, making it a sustainable choice for the planet. Upgrade your dental care while being environmentally conscious!

📧 Send us an email at info@profimed.it #dentalfloss #glass #positiveimpact #packagingdesign #oralhygienetips #dentalimpact #dentalart #refill #ecofriendly #green #sustainability 4 Like Comment Share ProfiMed Srl 708 followers 3mo Report this post WE ARE ONLINE!

We are excited to announce that our new website is ready for you! www.profimed.it Discover our latest news and contact us to embrace the innovation and to redefine the oral care experience! #weareonline #dentalfloss #oralcare #privatelabel 6 Like Comment Share ProfiMed Srl 708 followers 3mo Report this post One day to go! 🎉 www.profimed.it #LaunchingSoon #Website #LaunchingSoon #OralCare #DentalFloss 4 Like Comment Share ProfiMed Srl 708 followers 3mo Report this post Siamo lieti di annunciare che tra due giorni lanceremo il nostro nuovo sito profimed.it ! Questo nuovo spazio online rappresenta un passo avanti nella nostra missione di fornire servizi e risorse di qualità. Restate connessi per tutte le novità! #Profimed #NuovoSito #OralCare #DentalFloss Big announcement on the horizon! In two days, we'll be launching our brand new website profimed.it ! We're excited to share this new online experience with you. Stay tuned as we can't wait to share all the incredible features and resources we've prepared for you! #Profimed #NewWebsite #ComingSoon #OralCare #DentalFloss 7 Like Comment Share ProfiMed Srl 708 followers 7mo Report this post Are you ready to connect at the next #PLMA event in Chicago? 🌆✨

Join us for an exciting opportunity to explore the future of yarns, treatments, packaging, and beyond with ProfiMed!
Discover our latest innovations and revolutionize your industry insights. 

Scheduling an appointment is a breeze. Just drop us an email at sales1@profimed.it and choose your preferred day and time. Let's make it happen in Chicago! #ProfiMedInnovates #PLMAChicago #IndustryInnovations #ChicagoTradeShow #MeetUsAtPLMA #PrivateLabel #dentalfloss 9 Like Comment Share ProfiMed Srl 708 followers 8mo Report this post Dear Friends of Floss,
 
Mark your calendars for a groundbreaking event!
We're thrilled to announce that ProfiMed will be participating in the upcoming Private Label Manufacturers Association (PLMA) trade show in Chicago next 13-14 November!
 
Discover the future of oral care as we unveil our latest innovations at booth H1611 NON FOOD SECTION. 
Join us for an exclusive showcase of cutting-edge dental floss designed to elevate your smile and redefine your flossing experience.

Book your appointment at sales3@profimed.it #PrivateLabel #OralCare #DentalCare #PLMA #PLMAChicago 8 Like Comment Share ProfiMed Srl 708 followers 9mo Report this post 📢 Exciting News! 
🌟 Join us at PLMA Chicago, Nov. 13-14! 
🤝 Let's connect and celebrate all things FLOSS together! 🎉 #PLMAChicago #FLOSSCommunity #Networking #Innovation 11 Like Comment Share ProfiMed Srl 708 followers 11mo Report this post Elena Ghelfi I am seeking companies, brands, retailers, pharmacy chains and dynamic start-ups that aspire to stand out for the quality, customization, and eco-sustainability of their dental floss. 11mo https://lnkd.in/d85PkYXe Dataroom di Milena Gabanelli | Corriere della Sera on Instagram: "È una storia incredibile, quella di Amadeo Peter Giannini. Figlio di poverissimi immigrati italiani, ha fondato la banca più grande del mondo: Bank of Italy, diventata poi Bank of America. Un banchiere galantuomo, sempre pronto ad aiutare i più bisognosi, specie quelli in mano agli usurai. Ma anche sensibile alla cultura, come quand instagram.com Like Comment Share Join now to see what you are missing Find people you know at ProfiMed Srl Browse recommended jobs for you View all updates, news, and articles Join now Similar pages PROFIMED s.r.o. Personal Care Product Manufacturing Praha, Česká republika Movi Spa Medical Equipment Manufacturing Corden Pharma - A Full-Service CDMO Pharmaceutical Manufacturing Basel, BS Fine Foods & Pharmaceuticals N.T.M. S.p.A. Pharmaceutical Manufacturing Verdellino (Bg), Bergamo Curium Pharma Pharmaceutical Manufacturing Paris, France ATR Telematica IT Services and IT Consulting Sesto San Giovanni, (MI) Intercos Cosmetics Reusch International SpA - AG Sporting Goods Manufacturing Bolzano / Bozen, BZ Gruppo Consoli Environmental Services Brescia, Lombardia ITALCOSMETICI Personal Care Product Manufacturing Cinisello Balsamo, Lombardy Show more similar pages Show fewer similar pages Browse jobs Account Manager jobs 152,491 open jobs Engineer jobs 608,159 open jobs Service Manager jobs 380,044 open jobs Quality Assurance Manager jobs 27,633 open jobs Production Account Manager jobs 3,145 open jobs Head of Manufacturing jobs 9,510 open jobs Production Planner jobs 20,165 open jobs Production Specialist jobs 39,716 open jobs Planning Specialist jobs 42,528 open jobs Manager jobs 2,003,890 open jobs Junior Developer jobs 14,227 open jobs Assistant jobs 728,748 open jobs Quality Specialist jobs 43,220 open jobs Quality Engineer jobs 199,821 open jobs Hairstylist jobs 39,040 open jobs Fashion Specialist jobs 2,287 open jobs Warehouse Manager jobs 67,477 open jobs Customer Engineer jobs 463,282 open jobs Director of Quality jobs 59,948 open jobs Production Coordinator jobs 23,062 open jobs Show more jobs like this Show fewer jobs like this More searches More searches Quality Specialist jobs Medical Specialist jobs Pharmacist jobs Maintenance Worker jobs Service Manager jobs Production Account Manager jobs Head of Manufacturing jobs Department Manager jobs Production Specialist jobs Quality Assurance Specialist jobs Technical Director jobs Production Coordinator jobs Director of Quality jobs Human Resources Consultant jobs Chemist jobs Senior jobs Customer Engineer jobs Chief Human Resources Officer jobs Account Manager jobs Associate jobs Production Operator jobs Key Account Manager jobs Web Developer jobs Software Engineer jobs Operator jobs Maintenance Manager jobs Marketing Officer jobs Product Marketing Manager jobs LinkedIn © 2024 About Accessibility User Agreement Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Brand Policy Guest Controls Community Guidelines العربية (Arabic) Čeština (Czech) Dansk (Danish) Deutsch (German) English (English) Español (Spanish) Français (French) हिंदी (Hindi) Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian) Italiano (Italian) 日本語 (Japanese) 한국어 (Korean) Bahasa Malaysia (Malay) Nederlands (Dutch) Norsk (Norwegian) Polski (Polish) Português (Portuguese) Română (Romanian) Русский (Russian) Svenska (Swedish) ภาษาไทย (Thai) Tagalog (Tagalog) Türkçe (Turkish) Українська (Ukrainian) 简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified)) 正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional)) Language Agree & Join LinkedIn By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy . Sign in to see who you already know at ProfiMed Srl Sign in Welcome back Email or phone Password Show Forgot password? Sign in or By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy . New to LinkedIn? Join now or By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy . New to LinkedIn? Join now

