SC Johnson - Un’azienda di famiglia che lavora per un mondo migliore UN’AZIENDA DI FAMIGLIA Chi siamo Chi siamo Premi e riconoscimenti Consiglio di amministrazione Go Further with Our Family™ Domande frequenti La famiglia Johnson Herbert F. Johnson Sr. H.F. Johnson, Jr. Sam Johnson Fisk Johnson Cosa significa famiglia Architettura e tour Tour Details Tour FAQs Contattaci Carriere PRODOTTI Tutti marchi Cosa c’è dentro Scheda di informazioni sul prodotto (PID) OBIETTIVO Trasparenza Corporate Transparency Ambiente Improving Products Minimizing Our Footprint Responsabilità sociale Health & Well Being Protecting the Environment Education Community & Economic Development Bilancio di sostenibilità Informazioni sulle sovvenzioni NOTIZIE Tutte le novità Comunicati stampa Schede informative Dichiarazioni e politiche Contatto con i media العربية Bahasa Indonesia Deutsch English (US) English (UK) Español Français (CA) Français (FR) Italiano 日本語 한국어 简体中文 Nederlands Polski Português (BR) Português (PT) Română Русский ภาษาไทย Türkçe Italiano العربية Bahasa Indonesia Deutsch English (US) English (UK) Español Français (CA) Français (FR) Italiano 日本語 한국어 简体中文 Nederlands Polski Português (BR) Português (PT) Română Русский ภาษาไทย Türkçe Cerca Ricerche frequenti Siamo SC Johnson. Un’azienda di famiglia che lavora per un mondo migliore™. Creiamo prodotti per migliorare le vite. Su ogni nostro prodotto si legge il nostro nome. Quindi per noi è un fatto personale. Un’azienda di famiglia Su ogni nostro prodotto si legge il nostro nome. Quindi per noi è un fatto personale. Un’azienda di famiglia Innovazione e qualità, pensando alla vostra famiglia. Marchi di cui vi fidate Innovazione e qualità, pensando alla vostra famiglia. Marchi di cui vi fidate Fare la cosa giusta non passa mai di moda, nemmeno dopo 130 anni. Ciò che più conta Fare la cosa giusta non passa mai di moda, nemmeno dopo 130 anni. Ciò che più conta Inquinamento da plastica: il nostro contributo per cambiare il corso degli eventi Notizie importanti Inquinamento da plastica: il nostro contributo per cambiare il corso degli eventi Notizie importanti Siamo SC Johnson. Un’azienda di famiglia che lavora per un mondo migliore™. Creiamo prodotti per migliorare le vite. COVID-19 Iniziative a sostegno della lotta alla pandemia globale: per saperne di più Siamo SC Johnson. Un’azienda di famiglia che lavora per un mondo migliore™. Creiamo prodotti per migliorare le vite. COVID-19 Iniziative a sostegno della lotta alla pandemia globale: per saperne di più I nostri prodotti I nostri ingredienti Carriere Comunicati stampa Contattaci Politica sulla privacy Termini di utilizzo Dichiarazione su schiavitù e traffico di esseri umani © 2024 S. C. Johnson & Son, Inc. Tutti i diritti riservati About Cookies On This Site We store your consent for 13 months with 18 partners for Advertiser , Ad Exchange , Ad Network , Ad Server , Analytics Provider , Content Management/SaaS , Mobile , Online Privacy Platform , Other , Publisher , Social Media , Tag Manager . Read our Privacy Notice Reject All Accept All Privacy Options

Home Skip to Main Content Watch now: SCJ teams and our dedicated partners are working to help safeguard communities in the fight against malaria . Select a Region Global English North America English Español Français Latin America Español Português Europe English Deutsch Français Türkçe Українська Asia English 日本語 简体中文 Newsroom English search a more sustainable world > ← Back The Blue Paradox Our Meaningful Actions Taking action to end plastic waste Protecting & preserving the environment Resourcing efficient production Liverpool Football Club and SC Johnson Take on Plastic Waste SC Johnson and Milwaukee Brewers Team Up to Take on Plastic Waste a healthier world > ← Back Our Mission to Help End Malaria SC Johnson Global Impact: The Base of the Pyramid Team Strengthening communities Mosquito prevention & education a more transparent world > ← Back Ingredients Fragrances Skin Allergens Claims a world with more opportunity > ← Back Creating a diverse & inclusive workplace Inspiring future generations through education & STEM learning Promoting fair treatment & opportunity our family of brands > ← Back Brands What's Inside SC Johnson: Product ingredient disclosures Safety Data Sheets Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act (CPSIA) about us > ← Back The Johnson Family Who we are This We Believe: Our Corporate Values Board of Directors Awards & Recognitions FAQs About SC Johnson & Getting in Touch Better World Accountability Report stories Newsroom Search Popular Searches Helping Safeguard Communities in the Fight Against Malaria SCJ teams around the world have contributed to the important work featured in this incredible film that was produced for us by BBC StoryWorks Commercial Productions Watch now. Turning The Tide on Plastic Pollution Requires a Bold Global Effort SC Johnson Chairman and CEO Fisk Johnson and Conservation International CEO M. Sanjayan teamed up to explain why they support a global plastics treaty in a Newsweek Op-Ed. Read now. Fisk Johnson Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works Testimony SC Johnson Chairman and CEO Fisk Johnson Shared Our Company’s Stance on Extended Producer Responsibility Federal Policies with the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works. Read the full testimony. A Walk Beneath the Ocean’s Surface: SC Johnson Presents The Blue Paradox – An Immersive Experience Exploring the Ocean Plastic Pollution Crisis As a company at work for a more sustainable and waste-free world, we teamed up with our longtime partner Conservation International to present The Blue Paradox, an educational, immersive experience designed to demonstrate the scale of the ocean plastic crisis. Learn more At Work For a Better World- Better World Accountability Report As a family company committed to creating a better world, we prioritize taking action on initiatives that drive transformative change on pressing environmental and health issues. Find out more. Read our report UN Foundation Honors Extraordinary Global Leaders At 'We The Peoples' 2023 Awards Ceremony The United Nations Foundation announced on Thursday the recipients of its annual We the Peoples Global Leadership Awards. Named for the inspiring opening words of the UN Charter, the We the Peoples awards recognize pathbreaking leaders and unsung heroes whose achievements have made measurable impacts in charting a course toward a better world for all. Learn more Pause carousel 1 2 3 4 5 6 Stories Most Recent A More Sustainable World A Healthier World A More Transparent World A World with More Opportunity Stories Press Release Story 4 minute read 85 Years in the Making: Family Stories, Company History and Architectural Legacy on a SC Johnson Campus Tour 1 May 2024 Story 4 minute read Celebrating Fans' Sustainable Efforts: The Mr Muscle & SC Johnson Walk of Fame 29 Apr 2024 Press Release 3 minute read You’ll Never Recycle Alone 28 Apr 2024 Story 2 minute read Turning The Tide on Plastic Pollution Requires a Bold Global Effort 24 Apr 2024 Story 7 minute read Alive! and Well: Celebrating SC Johnson’s Spirit of Adventure Sixty Years After its World’s Fair Debut 17 Apr 2024 Story 1 minute read SC Johnson Donates 180,000 Mosquito Repellents during Dengue Outbreak in Argentina 10 Apr 2024 Story 2  minute read How do I apply personal repellent 8 Apr 2024 Story 3 minute read How can I minimize exposure to mosquitoes 8 Apr 2024 See all stories Story Celebrating Fans' Sustainable Efforts: The Mr Muscle & SC Johnson Walk of Fame 29 Apr 2024 Press Release You’ll Never Recycle Alone 28 Apr 2024 Story Turning The Tide on Plastic Pollution Requires a Bold Global Effort 24 Apr 2024 Story A More Sustainable Sparkling Clean: SC Johnson Brands That Can Help You Spring Clean with Less Plastic Waste 26 Mar 2024 Story Forest Conservation: SC Johnson Continues Efforts to Stop Deforestation 25 Mar 2024 Story Thinking Outside the Box:  How SC Johnson is Redesigning Packaging  to Reduce Plastic Waste and Promote Circularity 14 Mar 2024 Story Federal Dialogue on Extended Producer Responsibility: Fisk Johnson Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works Written Testimony 6 Mar 2024 Story Thanksgiving Leftovers Dilemma: To Recycle or Not? 22 Nov 2023 View All Story SC Johnson Donates 180,000 Mosquito Repellents during Dengue Outbreak in Argentina 10 Apr 2024 Story How do I apply personal repellent 8 Apr 2024 Story How can I minimize exposure to mosquitoes 8 Apr 2024 Story Building Effective Handwashing Solutions and to Help Create a Healthier World 14 Oct 2023 Story Nine Things to Know About How SC Johnson Impacts Mosquito-borne Disease 29 Sep 2023 Press Release SC Johnson Reaches Major Milestone with Breakthrough Mosquito Repellent Tool 20 Sep 2023 Story Meet Amina and Sonia - The Base of the Pyramid's Impact in Africa 23 Jul 2023 Story Providing Sustainable Solutions 23 Jul 2023 View All Press Release SC Johnson Applauds Discussion on Ingredient Transparency 27 Sep 2023 Story 8 Ways SC Johnson is Helping Continually Raise Standards for a More Transparent World 28 Apr 2021 Story Global Product Transparency: SC Johnson Offers Ingredient Lists So You Can Make Choices for Your Family 4 Jan 2019 Story Corporate Transparency Commitment: SC Johnson Tells You More about Fragrance Ingredients 1 Nov 2018 Story Everything is Chemistry: Why SC Johnson is Tackling Negative Perceptions about Synthetic Chemicals 6 Jun 2018 Story SC Johnson’s Greenlist™ Program: Choosing Product Ingredients to Better Protect Human Health and the Environment 19 Apr 2018 Story 100% Transparent: Glade® Fresh Citrus Blossoms Collection Shares Its Full Ingredient List 6 Mar 2018 Story SC Johnson Gives Families the Whole Story on Skin Allergens 13 Dec 2017 View All Story Closing the Gap Partnering to Address Barriers Between Girls and STEM Education 15 Nov 2023 Story Celebrating 45 Years Inspiring Today’s Learners and Tomorrow’s Leaders with the Kaleidoscope Education Series 12 Oct 2023 Story Day Tripping: STEM Learning Trips Outside the Classroom are an Opportunity to Find Fun in Learning and The Sciences 9 Oct 2023 Story Strong, Smart and Bold: Fostering STEM Education for Girls 5 Oct 2023 Story How SC Johnson Partners with Habitat For Humanity 20 Aug 2023 Story Bug House Coloring Pages for Families 15 Aug 2022 Story Save the Children and SC Johnson are Helping Students Return to School Prepared to Engage and Learn 12 Aug 2022 Story 20 Days of Giving 9 Dec 2021 View All Story 85 Years in the Making: Family Stories, Company History and Architectural Legacy on a SC Johnson Campus Tour 1 May 2024 Story Celebrating Fans' Sustainable Efforts: The Mr Muscle & SC Johnson Walk of Fame 29 Apr 2024 Story Turning The Tide on Plastic Pollution Requires a Bold Global Effort 24 Apr 2024 Story Alive! and Well: Celebrating SC Johnson’s Spirit of Adventure Sixty Years After its World’s Fair Debut 17 Apr 2024 Story SC Johnson Donates 180,000 Mosquito Repellents during Dengue Outbreak in Argentina 10 Apr 2024 Story How do I apply personal repellent 8 Apr 2024 Story How can I minimize exposure to mosquitoes 8 Apr 2024 Story A More Sustainable Sparkling Clean: SC Johnson Brands That Can Help You Spring Clean with Less Plastic Waste 26 Mar 2024 View All Press Release You’ll Never Recycle Alone 28 Apr 2024 Press Release SC Johnson Makes Significant Investment in Canada Facility 18 Mar 2024 Press Release Ziploc® and Milk Bar Launch Limited-Edition Holiday Mix Available in New Ziploc® Stay Open Design Bags 30 Nov 2023 Press Release UN Foundation Honors Extraordinary Global Leaders At 'We The Peoples' 2023 Awards Ceremony 16 Nov 2023 Press Release SC Johnson and Milwaukee Bucks™ Release Scrubbing Bubbles® Bottle Made From Recycled Plastic Including Plastic Cups and Clear Bottles From Fiserv Forum and Deer District 14 Nov 2023 Press Release SC Johnson Demonstrates Industry Leadership in Plastic Packaging in Latest Global Commitment Progress Report 7 Nov 2023 Press Release SC Johnson Announces Opening of Interactive ‘Recycling League’ Workshop at Granja Las Américas 29 Sep 2023 Press Release SC Johnson Announces 2023 Together We Win Supplier Awards 28 Sep 2023 View All Our Purpose For more than 130 years, SC Johnson has been guided by the same goal as families everywhere: We want to make the world a better place for the next generation. It’s the foundation of our purpose – A Family Company at Work for a Better World. A world that is sustainable, transparent, healthy and with more opportunity for all. A More Sustainable World To protect our planet for generations to come, we prioritize sustainability in our products and manufacturing processes, and support collaborative partnerships to reduce plastic waste. Learn more A Healthier World We are committed to bringing our science and innovation expertise to partnerships that address pressing public health challenges for families and communities around the world. Learn more A More Transparent World To help families make product choices, we’re working to define and lead product transparency and ethical marketing. We raise the bar to help people find and understand the ingredients in our products. Learn more A World with More Opportunity We inspire to have a significant impact on the basic building blocks, such as education and opportunity, that creates an environment where people, families and communities can thrive and achieve. Learn more Our Family of Brands All Brands Air Care Home Cleaning Home Storage Pest Control Professional Shoe Care View All Brands Follow Our Journey Show newer posts Opens in a new window 107 Earth Day at SC Johnson is always a big deal, from on-campus events to multiple hands-on opportunities around the globe. Here are just a few highlights from our Earth Day 2024 activities ⬇️⁣ ⁣ * In the US, SCJ hosted beach clean-up events along Lake Michigan, brought marine research scientist Abby Barrows to speak on her recent, SCJ-sponsored research on the impact of plastic pollution in Indonesia, planted flower, vegetable and herb seedlings using organic soil and compostable trays while learning about pollinators and the impact of food waste, and SCJ people volunteered with the United Way of Bay County on local clean-up actions⁣ ⁣ * SCJ Canada hosted an Earth Day Expo with interactive booths hosted by our Sustainability teams⁣ ⁣ * In Germany, SCJ people volunteered with Die Stiftung, to plant trees as part of the organization's work to preserve existing natural areas, such as forests, meadows and moors⁣ ⁣ * Reef Check Malaysia visited our Kuala Lumpur office to share how their partnership with SCJ is supporting ocean conservation, conduct hands-on microplastics studies from samples taken from local beach sites and share how they are recycling glass bottles into coral reef rehabilitation blocks Show more… SC Johnson Instagram 46 Government representatives from around the world met last week to further advance negotiations for a global #plasticstreaty at #INC4 in Ottawa – a critical and important step to tackling the growing #PlasticWasteCrisis . Before negotiations kicked off, SCJ hosted a welcome reception for attendees bringing together many of the voices calling for collective action. Plastic waste is one of the world’s most pressing environmental challenges and it’s going to take action from all of us – businesses, government, and civil society – to turn the tide on this critical issue. Show more… SC Johnson Instagram 40 SC Johnson is proud to recognize Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month with our Asian American Employee Resource Group, Fusion!⁣ ⁣ Throughout the month, Fusion will be hosting several events at SCJ locations, sharing special traditions, activities, and recognizing the diversity that helps make the SCJ culture unique and vibrant. #AAPIMonth Show more… SC Johnson Instagram 59 1 Alive! and well, 60 years later!⁣ ⁣ This week marked the 60th anniversary of the 1964-65 New York World's Fair and the debut of the Academy Award-winning, SCJ-commissioned, film To be Alive!⁣ ⁣ The film, shown every weekend at the Golden Rondelle Theater at our Global Headquarters, continues to highlight our commitment to making the world a better place today and for future generations.⁣ ⁣ Visit our link in bio for behind the scenes details from that World's Fair! Show more… SC Johnson Instagram 58 SC Johnson and our partners are committed to using our resources and expertise to help eliminate one of the world’s deadliest, but preventable diseases. We can, and must, work to help protect those who are at risk. ⁣ ⁣ Special thanks to the @whofoundation and @bbcstoryworks Commercial Productions for the opportunity to share some of the ways SCJ people and dedicated partners are pushing forward collaborations and next-generation technology to fight #malaria and save lives.⁣ ⁣ Learn more about our efforts at our link in bio. ⬆️ Show more… SC Johnson Instagram 179 2 Plastic pollution knows no boundaries. SC Johnson, led by Chairman and CEO, @h.fisk.johnson along with partners @conservationorg and CEO Dr. M. Sanjayan, are dedicated to tackling this growing issue head-on. Representatives from around the world are working this week to further advance negotiations of a global treaty aimed to reduce plastic waste. It’s critical we all continue to work toward collective action, as it will take all of us – governments, businesses and consumers – to turn the tide against #plasticwaste . Read more at the link in our bio. ⬆️ Show more… SC Johnson Instagram 22 For years, SC Johnson has partnered with local YMCAs on programs to provide a variety of activities and opportunities for children to promote healthy lifestyles. ⁣ ⁣ From free swimming lessons for water safety to leadership development to environmental education experiences, the programs support SCJ's mission for a healthier world. #HealthyKidsDay Show more… SC Johnson Instagram 81 6 SCJ teams around the world have contributed to the important work featured in this incredible film that was produced for us by @bbcstoryworks Commercial Productions. Special thanks to the @whofoundation and @bbcstoryworks Commercial Productions for the opportunity to share some of the ways SCJ people and our many dedicated partners are pushing forward collaborations and next-generation technology to reduce #malaria cases and save lives. Show more… SC Johnson Instagram 191 53 Throughout the month, SCJ people gathered around the globe to recognize Women’s History Month! ⁣ ⁣ From opportunities to hear from panels to networking events, to dedicated International Women’s Day celebrations across the regions, Women Belonging Connecting, SCJ's Women’s Employee Resource Group, helped organize and host celebrations and created fun memories with colleagues. Show more… SC Johnson Instagram 69 22 Our consumption of plastic has drastically surpassed our ability to manage its impact, with over 14 million tons dumped into our ocean each year.⁣ ⁣ Addressing this issue is not just about individual actions; it's about working together toward collective action. Together, we can drive meaningful change.⁣ ⁣ Learn more about how we all can work toward a more sustainable future together. Link in bio. 🔼⁣ Show more… SC Johnson Instagram 99 2 SC Johnson has a long-standing history of supporting education-related programming and initiatives around the world.⁣ ⁣ Last year, SCJ celebrated the 45th anniversary of its Kaleidoscope Education Series which is hosted at SCJ headquarters in Racine, WI. The program offers a wide variety of STEM-focused, grade-specific programs that complement and support school curricula including math-related topics. ⁣ ⁣ Swipe through to learn more about other initiatives SCJ supports to help increase access to educational opportunities. #InternationalDayofMathematics ⁣ Show more… SC Johnson Instagram Load more posts Show more… Load More Interacting with SCJ Tours & Architecture Virtual Tours Book Your Tour Community Interest Programs Grants Better World Accountability Report For Media Press Contact Newsroom Careers Join Our Family Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Statement on Slavery & Human Trafficking Health Insurance Contact Us Questions about products facebook twiiter linkedin email instagram 2023 S.C. Johnson & Son Inc. All Rights Reserved. About Cookies On This Site We store your consent for 13 months with 18 partners for Advertiser , Ad Exchange , Ad Network , Ad Server , Analytics Provider , Content Management/SaaS , Mobile , Online Privacy Platform , Other , Publisher , Social Media , Tag Manager . Read our Privacy Notice Reject All Accept All Privacy Options

Casa : SC Johnson Passa al contenuto principale SC Johnson - A Family Company Attiva/disattiva navigazione Prodotti Tutti i marchi Autan ® KIWI ® Mr Muscle ® OFF! ® Shout ® Baygon ® Duck ® Glade ® Oust ® Pronto ® Raid ® Ingredienti Fragranze Le fragranze di cui potete fidarvi Dati sulle fragranze La nostra gamma Allergeni Italiano Cambia Paese FAQ JavaScript is currently disabled. Please enable JavaScript to view the full website! Cerca per prodotto o ingrediente Cerca Cerca per prodotto o ingrediente Cosa c'è dentro? In SC Johnson, lavoriamo sodo per scegliere gli ingredienti di cui potete fidarvi e parlarne apertamente. Come azienda di famiglia, prendiamo seriamente la questione poiché vogliamo aiutarvi a fare buone scelte per la vostra famiglia. Trova prodotti Trova ingredienti Sfoglia i prodotti per marchio 1 2 3 Per visualizzare le schede informative dei prodotti ai fini della conformità alla Normativa sui Detergenti UE, fate clic qui . FRAGRANZE CHE DELIZIANO Gli ingredienti della nostra gamma di fragranze rispettano rigorosi standard. Per saperne di più La responsabilità è la nostra tradizione familiare PERSONE Crediamo nel rispetto reciproco tra le persone e la comunità e di fare ciò che è giusto per le generazioni future. PRODOTTI Il nostro impegno è garantire che i prodotti siano all'altezza dei nostri rigorosi standard per l'impatto sulla salute e sull'ambiente. PIANETA Stiamo lavorando per ridurre le emissioni, i rifiuti e l'utilizzo di combustibili fossili e anche per ridurre al minimo l'impatto sulle discariche. SCOPRIRE IL PERCHÉ SC Johnson - A Family Company Navigazione Casa Prodotti Ingredienti Fragranze Allergeni Utilità 8008-33032 Cambia Paese scjohnson.com Legale Tutela della privacy Condizioni di utilizzo PID Mappa del sito Domande? FAQ Contattaci © 2024 S. C. Johnson & Son, Inc. Tutti i diritti riservati About Cookies On This Site We store your consent for 13 months with 7 partners for Advertiser , Analytics Provider , Tag Manager . Read our Privacy Notice Reject All Accept All Privacy Options

SC Johnson: chi siamo UN’AZIENDA DI FAMIGLIA Chi siamo Chi siamo Premi e riconoscimenti Consiglio di amministrazione Go Further with Our Family™ Domande frequenti La famiglia Johnson Samuel Curtis Johnson Herbert F. Johnson Sr. H.F. Johnson, Jr. Sam Johnson Fisk Johnson Cosa significa famiglia Architettura e tour Book Your Tour Tour Details Tour FAQs Contattaci Carriere PRODOTTI Tutti marchi Cosa c’è dentro Scheda di informazioni sul prodotto (PID) OBIETTIVO Trasparenza Corporate Transparency Ambiente Improving Products Minimizing Our Footprint Responsabilità sociale Health & Well Being Protecting the Environment Education Community & Economic Development Bilancio di sostenibilità Informazioni sulle sovvenzioni NOTIZIE Tutte le novità Comunicati stampa Schede informative Dichiarazioni e politiche Contatto con i media العربية Bahasa Indonesia Deutsch English (US) English (UK) Español Français (CA) Français (FR) Italiano 日本語 한국어 简体中文 Nederlands Polski Português (BR) Português (PT) Română Русский ภาษาไทย Türkçe Italiano العربية Bahasa Indonesia Deutsch English (US) English (UK) Español Français (CA) Français (FR) Italiano 日本語 한국어 简体中文 Nederlands Polski Português (BR) Português (PT) Română Русский ภาษาไทย Türkçe Cerca Ricerche frequenti Marchi innovativi con prodotti efficaci. L’impegno a fare la cosa giusta per le persone e per il pianeta. Informazioni oneste sui nostri ingredienti. Siamo SC Johnson, un’azienda di famiglia che lavora per un mondo migliore. Chi siamo Siamo Pledge®, Glade®, Autan®, Mr Muscle® e molti altri marchi che conoscete. SC Johnson è un’azienda di famiglia: questo significa che non dobbiamo rendere conto a Wall Street. Facciamo la cosa giusta per le persone e per il pianeta perché la nostra priorità siete voi. Per saperne di più Lavoriamo per un mondo migliore In SC Johnson, ci atteniamo a uno standard più elevato, basandoci sulla nostra affidabilità, lavorando per soddisfare le esigenze dei nostri consumatori e, allo stesso tempo, proteggendo il pianeta per le generazioni future. Stai al passo con le ultime notizie In tutto il mondo I prodotti SC Johnson sono venduti in quasi tutti i Paesi del mondo e ovunque operiamo ci impegniamo per migliorare la vita, proprio perché siamo lì. Sito delle carriere CRONOLOGIA Una crescita che attraversa intere generazioni 1886 – 2018 Pietre miliari della famiglia Saggi consigli Vi presentiamo il Consiglio di amministrazione di SC Johnson, guidato dal leader di quinta generazione Fisk Johnson, il nostro Presidente e Amministratore Delegato. Consiglio di amministrazione Ciò che più conta Come azienda di famiglia, ci impegniamo a fare ciò che è giusto per il presente e per il futuro. SC Johnson pensa sempre alle prossime generazioni. Il nostro obiettivo Visitate SC Johnson Progettata da Frank Lloyd Wright, la nostra sede centrale di Racine (Wisconsin) è visitabile. Vi aspettiamo! Prenotate un tour Architettura Wingspread: la più grande casa progettata da Frank... Film aziendali Il film di Sam Johnson “Carnaúba: A Son’s Memoir” ... Architettura Nella torre delle ricerche di SC Johnson, progetta... Contattaci Per i consumatori Avete domande o commenti sui nostri prodotti? Saremmo lieti di conoscerli. Contattaci Per i mass media State scrivendo un articolo su di noi o su un argomento per il quale possiamo essere utili? Potete mettervi in contatto con noi. Contattaci Domande frequenti Avete fretta? Date un’occhiata alle domande frequenti. Domande frequenti Restate in contatto I nostri prodotti I nostri ingredienti Carriere Comunicati stampa Contattaci Politica sulla privacy Termini di utilizzo Dichiarazione su schiavitù e traffico di esseri umani © 2020 S. C. Johnson & Son, Inc. Tutti i diritti riservati About Cookies On This Site We store your consent for 13 months with 9 partners for Advertiser , Ad Network , Analytics Provider , Online Privacy Platform , Tag Manager . Read our Privacy Notice Reject All Accept All Privacy Options

SC Johnson Italy We use cookies and other tracking technologies to support navigation, to improve our products and services, to support our marketing activities and to provide content from third parties.To manage your preferences, select "Manage Settings" or choose "Accept" to consent to the use of Cookies. Accept Manage Settings Skip to main content Fraud Notice English English 中文简体 About Us Working Here Awards &  recognition Total Rewards Career Development & Learning Career Areas Marketing RD & E Sales Supply Chain Finance &  Accounting IT/Shared Services Locations INCLUSION & DIVERSITY Students Fraud Notice Language English 中文简体 Saved Jobs Get Alerts Search Jobs Search Jobs Keyword Category Select one Administrative Communications Engineering Finance and Accounting General Management Human Resources Internship IT Legal Logistics Manufacturing Marketing Quality Assurance Research and Development Sales Supply Chain Country/Region Select one Argentina Australia Austria Bangladesh Brazil Canada Colombia Egypt France Germany Indonesia Italy Malaysia Mexico Netherlands Philippines Poland South Africa Spain Switzerland Thailand Turkey Ukraine United Kingdom United States State Select one Amazonas Arkansas Bangkok Bogota D.C. Buenos Aires Cairo Governorate Canton of Vaud Dhaka Division England Gauteng Île-de-France Region Illinois Istanbul Jakarta Special Capital Region Kuala Lumpur Kyiv City Lombardy Lubusz Madrid Maryland Mazovia Metro Manila México Mexico City Michigan Minnesota New Jersey New South Wales North Rhine-Westphalia Ohio Ontario Quebec Rio de Janeiro Salzburg Selangor Utrecht Wisconsin City Select one Arese Bangkok Bay City Bogotá Brantford Cairo Chicago Cincinnati Dhaka Düsseldorf Fairland Frimley Ft. Washington Gorzów Wielkopolski Istanbul Jakarta Kuala Lumpur Kyiv Lane Cove Madrid Makati City Manaus Mexico City Midrand Mijdrecht Minneapolis Paris Petaling Jaya Racine Rio de Janeiro Rogers Rolle Salzburg San Isidro Sydney Toluca Varennes Warsaw Search Reset SC JOHNSON ITALY - ARESE, MILAN ​ The SC Johnson office in Arese, Milan is situated in a privately-owned and modern office northwest of Milan . The facility is home to approximately 200 team members supporting Sales, Marketing, Finance, HR, and Supply Chain. Arese is also the Supply Chain Hub for EMEA, responsible for all operations in the region, and includes the following functions; Planning, Logistics, Procurement, Project Management, Engineering, Quality and Financial Planning & Analysis. DISCOVER WHERE YOU'LL WORK At SCJ Italy, you’ll find a multicultural team with diverse backgrounds and languages, to name a few, we speak English, French , Turkish , Arabic, Portuguese, and of course, Italian! SC Johnson Italy To navigate, press the arrow keys. ARESE, MILAN Piazza BURKE M. 0003, Arese, Lombardy, Italy THE SURROUNDING AREA Arese is a nice city northwest of Milan and is known to be family friendly with good schools. As well as being a home to many other companies, the city has a wide-ranging shopping mall and an exhibition and performance venue. SC Johnson Arese is very well known locally as a result of its prominent location making it visible to drivers from the main highway. The office is easily accessible via multiple public transport options. FACILITY FEATURES Our state-of-the-art, fully-refurbished offices feature inspiring design that highlights the legacy of SC Johnson and the Johnson family. Throughout the space, you’ll find photographs and artwork that celebrate the 130-year history of the company. The facility has a fantastic wellbeing offering with many outdoor facilities for employees and their families to enjoy. During the warm months, employees can also dine or have meetings outside in our beautiful and scenic garden. AMENITIES OF THE LOCATION INCLUDE: ​ Subsidized canteen selling delicious Italian food and coffee. ​ Large and picturesque garden. ​ Staff store selling discounted SCJ products. ​ Free parking both on and off site. ​ Swimming pool, tennis courts, and volleyball court. Children’s playground to be used by employee's family and friends. ​ Flexible working hours with the option to end at 1 p.m. on Fridays. ​ Games room with table tennis, foosball table, and book sharing library. ​ Fresh fruit offered twice a week. ​ Awarded Best Workplace SC Johnson Italy has been recognized by Great Place to Work ® ! Working Here Wondering what a career at SCJ looks like? Learn more about our brands, purpose, philosophy and values and more. Learn More Career Development & Learning We believe that the fundamental vitality and strength of our worldwide company lies in our people. Check out some of the ways we support personal growth, learning, and career development at SCJ. Learn More Our Recruitment Process When you consider a career at SC Johnson, our teams treat you with respect and integrity, and ensure the recruitment process is inclusive, fair and efficient as possible. Learn more about the stages of our process. Learn More Featured Jobs Modern Trade Sales Manager Cairo, Egypt Sales Senior Analyst, Financial Planning & Analysis (Sales) Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia Finance and Accounting, Sales Technicien de production Varennes, Canada Quality Assurance, Manufacturing, Research and Development, Supply Chain Sr. Analyst, Demand Planning Brantford, Canada Supply Chain Recently Viewed Jobs No Recently Viewed Jobs Saved Jobs No Recently Viewed Jobs Sign up for  job alerts Don't see what you're looking for? Sign up and we'll notify you when roles become available. Email Interested In Select a job category from the list of options. Search for a location and select one from the list of suggestions. Finally, click “Add” to create your job alert. Job Category Select a job category and click 'Add' Administrative Communications Engineering Finance and Accounting General Management Human Resources Internship IT Legal Logistics Manufacturing Marketing Quality Assurance Research and Development Sales Supply Chain Location Select country and click 'Add' Argentina Australia Austria Bangladesh Brazil Canada Colombia Egypt France Germany Indonesia Italy Malaysia Mexico Netherlands Philippines Poland South Africa Spain Switzerland Thailand Turkey Ukraine United Kingdom United States Add Italy (Country) Remove By submitting your information, you acknowledge that you have read our privacy policy and consent to receive email communication from SC Johnson Confirm Email Sign Up LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Instagram ©2023 S. C. Johnson & Son, Inc. All Rights Reserved Careers Home | Cookie Management | Sitemap | Privacy Policy BESbswy

