Stena Metall × Allow cookies and tracking? Cookies and website analysis help us give you a better experience, improve our website, and keep our marketing costs down. We won't turn them on until you accept. Click "Customise" if you would like to adjust your preferences. By clicking "Accept", you agree to the use of all cookies and tracking as described in our Privacy Information . Customise Accept all Customise Necessary These help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas. The website cannot function properly without these . Preferences These remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. Statistics Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Marketing Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Allow selection Contact us English English Svenska What we do News & Insights Research & Development About us Career Investor relations Search Circular economy Our businesses Newsroom Insights & Inspiration Research for the future About Stena Metall Group Sustainability Values Health and safety Code of Conduct Whistleblowing Group management and board Stena Sphere History Work at Stena Metall Vacancies Investor relations Our businesses Stena Recycling Stena Aluminium Stena Stål Stena Oil Stena Confidential Stena Metall Finans Stena New Ventures HaloSep Sustainability Sustainability ambitions Sustainability reporting UN Global Compact UN Sustainable Development Goals Green financing Work at Stena Metall Work at Group IT Trainee program Our culture Our offer Our benefits Investor relations Financial reports Green bonds Key facts and figures Archive What we do News & Insights Research & Development About us Career Investor relations Contact us English Group IT Do you have what it takes to drive sustainability forward? We make a difference. We work with IT and help build a sustainable future. We need more passionate people with IT skills. Are you ready to join us? Find out more Vacancies This is Stena Metall Our eight business areas operate at around 220 locations across nine countries. With a strong focus on innovation, our 4,400 employees work closely together with partners and customers to meet future challenges with new, smart, and customized solutions for a more sustainable society. About Stena Metall Group Our Businesses Annual & Sustainability Report Latest news Career Join us in creating a better future. We have a strong focus on innovation, constantly looking for smarter and more efficient solutions that contribute to the circular economy and a more sustainable society. Here you can put your potential and passion to good use. Your career at Stena Metall starts here! Do you have what IT takes? We make a difference. We work with IT and help build a sustainable future. Are you ready to join us? Learn more Among the top three best workplaces For the fourth year in a row, we are among the top 3 best workplaces in construction, manufacturing and industry. Learn more Meet Christoffer Christoffer Muhl Pollari has built a new business where steel beams from demolition projects can be reused in new constructions. Learn more Meet Carina Carina Petersson manages the new Battery Recycling Center in Sweden. It is one of the first industrial scale facilities in Europe. Every year batteries from 30,000 vehicles will be recycled. Read more Meet Nicklas Nicklas Johansson manages one of Stena Recycling’s facilities in Finland. They turn waste into valuable resources for the industries to use in the production of new products, instead of using raw material. Read more Meet Emmi Emmi Karell works as a key account manager at Stena Recycling in Finland. Her passion is to help companies implement a circular approach to their business. Read more A caring company culture Our culture is guided by the values and convictions of the Olsson family. We act long-term. We believe it is important to show care for each other, for our customers, for resources, and for society. Read more Vacancies What is your passion? Working with us, you become part of an exciting group with many different work areas and possibilities to develop in any direction you want.  Explore our latest vacancies. Read more Creating long-lasting value Everything we use, produce, and consume depends on resources, and they are finite. By using resources more efficiently, and thereby reducing climate impact, our services and products help in creating a sustainable society where nothing goes to waste. Caring for resources A leading recycling facility Re-creating the future Sustainability To us, sustainability is about caring for resources and leading the transition towards the
circular economy. It is also about implementing a sustainable perspective in all parts of our operations, striving for positive impact both for people, the planet, and in the way we do business. Our sustainability ambitions We are driving sustainable development, both together with our customers and internally. Although the Stena Metall Group is made up of different companies with different profiles, we all share a common set of sustainability ambitions. Three areas define and guide our sustainability work: care for the environment, care for people, and care for sustainable business. Read more Contributing to a sustainable society Each year, we recycle and refine six million tons of waste and end-of-life products, and our customers are supplied with many essential raw materials, aluminium alloys, steel products and marine fuels. Our sustainable products and services create value that benefits everyone – customers, their customers, the environment, and society at large. Watch video WORKING TO MEET THE UN SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS The UN Sustainable Development Goals identify 17 key areas where businesses need to work for change if we want to achieve a sustainable society in the long run. At Stena Metall, we have identified 11 of the UN Sustainable Development Goals that are more closely related to our operations and business context. Read more Get in touch Whatever question you might have, we are here to help you. Would you like to get in touch with one of our companies? Or do you have press or media related questions? Would you like to reach out to someone working in our Group functions? Contact us Follow us Updates on social media. LinkedIn Facebook YouTube Stena Metall Group About Stena Metall Group Our businesses Vacancies Newsroom Group management and the board Code of Conduct Whistleblowing Financial information Financial reports Green bonds Key facts and figures Contact us Contact our companies Press contacts Group functions contacts Copyright © 2024 Stena Metall AB English English Svenska Privacy Cookies

Key facts and figures | Stena Metall Group × Allow cookies and tracking? Cookies and website analysis help us give you a better experience, improve our website, and keep our marketing costs down. We won't turn them on until you accept. Click "Customise" if you would like to adjust your preferences. By clicking "Accept", you agree to the use of all cookies and tracking as described in our Privacy Information . Customise Accept all Customise Necessary These help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas. The website cannot function properly without these . Preferences These remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. Statistics Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Marketing Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Allow selection Contact us English English Svenska What we do News & Insights Research & Development About us Career Investor relations Search Circular economy Our businesses Newsroom Insights & Inspiration Research for the future About Stena Metall Group Sustainability Values Health and safety Code of Conduct Whistleblowing Group management and board Stena Sphere History Work at Stena Metall Vacancies Investor relations Our businesses Stena Recycling Stena Aluminium Stena Stål Stena Oil Stena Confidential Stena Metall Finans Stena New Ventures HaloSep Sustainability Sustainability ambitions Sustainability reporting UN Global Compact UN Sustainable Development Goals Green financing Work at Stena Metall Work at Group IT Trainee program Our culture Our offer Our benefits Investor relations Financial reports Green bonds Key facts and figures Archive What we do News & Insights Research & Development About us Career Investor relations Contact us English Home Investor relations Key facts and figures Investor relations Key facts and figures Corporate Financial Reports A quick overview of Stena Metall Group Here you can find key figures, key personnel, and a list of all companies within Stena Metall Group. KEY performance indicators SEK million 22/23 21/22 20/21 19/20 18/19 17/18 Net sales 44,334 43,509 28,191 23,658 27,391 26,681 EBITDA 1) 2,530 3,644 3,062 1,561 1,607 1,657 Operating profit 1,364 2,597 2,129 698 920 932 Sharholders' equity 10,607 10,084 8,349 6,825 6,524 5,737 Equity ratio, % 2) 46.8 45.1 44.3 43.0 44.3 39.0 Average number of employees 4,365 3,842 3,562 3,506 3,497 3,756 1)  Result before financial income and expenses, taxes and depreciation. 2) Shareholders' equity as a percentage of total assets. The figures for each year are calculated in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards. Key facts OWNER THE OLSSON FAMILY CEO KRISTOFER SUNDSGÅRD CFO JONAS HÖGLUND Inquiries PETER GUSTAFSSON MD STENA METALL FINANCE SEND EMAIL Companies within the group Stena Metall is organized in three subgroups: Stena Recycling, Trade & Industry and Finance. Stena Recycling Stena Recycling International AB (Sweden) Stena Recycling AB (Sweden) Stena Recycling Oy (Finland) Stena Recycling A /S (Denmark) Stena Recycling AS (Norway) Stena Recycling Sp. z o. o. (Poland) Stena Metall Holding GmbH (Germany) Stena Recycling srl (Italy) Trade & Industry ALUMINIUM Stena Aluminium AB (Sweden) STEEL Stena Stål AB (Sweden) OIL Stena Oil AB (Sweden) STENA CONFIDENTIAL Stena Confidential AB (Sweden) Stena Confidential A /S (Denmark) Stena Confidential AS (Norway) Stena Confidential Oy (Finland) SALES Stena Metal Inc. (USA) Stena Metal International AB (Sweden) HALOSEP HaloSep (Sweden) NEW VENTURES New Ventures Finance AB Stena Metall Finans (Sweden) Stena Metall Finans Invest AB (Sweden) Kollsholmen Shipping AB (Sweden) Stena Metall AG (Switzerland) Sten Met Insurance AG (Switzerland) Learn more About Stena Metall Group Our Businesses Stena Metall and Sustainability Share this page https://www.stenametall.com/investor-relations/our-investor-relations/key-facts-and-figures/ You might also be interested in Follow us Updates on social media. LinkedIn Facebook YouTube Stena Metall Group About Stena Metall Group Our businesses Vacancies Newsroom Group management and the board Code of Conduct Whistleblowing Financial information Financial reports Green bonds Key facts and figures Contact us Contact our companies Press contacts Group functions contacts Copyright © 2024 Stena Metall AB English English Svenska Privacy Cookies

About Stena Metall Group | Stena Metall Group × Allow cookies and tracking? Cookies and website analysis help us give you a better experience, improve our website, and keep our marketing costs down. We won't turn them on until you accept. Click "Customise" if you would like to adjust your preferences. By clicking "Accept", you agree to the use of all cookies and tracking as described in our Privacy Information . Customise Accept all Customise Necessary These help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas. The website cannot function properly without these . Preferences These remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. Statistics Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Marketing Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Allow selection Contact us English English Svenska What we do News & Insights Research & Development About us Career Investor relations Search Circular economy Our businesses Newsroom Insights & Inspiration Research for the future About Stena Metall Group Sustainability Values Health and safety Code of Conduct Whistleblowing Group management and board Stena Sphere History Work at Stena Metall Vacancies Investor relations Our businesses Stena Recycling Stena Aluminium Stena Stål Stena Oil Stena Confidential Stena Metall Finans Stena New Ventures HaloSep Sustainability Sustainability ambitions Sustainability reporting UN Global Compact UN Sustainable Development Goals Green financing Work at Stena Metall Work at Group IT Trainee program Our culture Our offer Our benefits Investor relations Financial reports Green bonds Key facts and figures Archive What we do News & Insights Research & Development About us Career Investor relations Contact us English Home About Stena Metall Group About us About Stena Metall Group Corporate Caring for resources Since the start in 1939, our operations have evolved and expanded – from local scrap dealing in Gothenburg, Sweden, to actively contributing to the development of the circular economy by working to achieve more efficient and smarter use of resources. Our comprehensive offering includes services in design and resource management, recycling and reuse, production of aluminium alloys from recycled material, supply of steel products, financial operations and international sales of raw materials and marine fuels. Our ambitions To have a leading market position in all our companies. To have top scores in customer satisfaction and a growing number of customers. To reach our financial targets. To utilize our Group structure and to develop our people, our culture and our processes to drive performance. Contact us Our headquarter is located in Gothenburg, Sweden and we are present in other parts of Sweden, as well as in Norway, Denmark, Finland, Poland, Switzerland, Germany, Italy and the USA. Get in touch Download Annual review & sustainability report 2022/2023 Download Download Annual report 2022/2023 Download Quick facts about us 4,365 number of employees 9 countries we are present in 220 locations we operate at 8 business areas 6,000,000 tons of waste recycled each year MSEK 44,334 net sales in the last fiscal year Ownership structure the Olsson family: Stena AB, Stena Metall AB, Stena Sessan AB 1939 the year Stena Metall was founded Working together for a sustainable society Based on smart, customized solutions, a strong focus on innovation, collaborations, and partnerships, we create value that benefits everyone – customers, their customers, the environment, and society at large. Through research and development, we aim to meet future challenges with new, sustainable solutions. Learn more about the Stena Metall Group What we do Our businesses include recycling and reuse services, as well as supply of raw materials, steel products and aluminium alloys to customers all over the world. Read more Sustainability Sustainability is at the heart of everything we do. A constant goal that guides and inspires us. To us, sustainability is both about taking care of the Earth's valuable resources and each other – at work and in society. Read more Health and safety Health, working environment and safety are fundamental parts in our business acumen. Together we work for a strong safety culture and a healthy working environment. At Stena Metall, everyone should feel safe. Read more Our culture At Stena Metall, we pride ourselves in finding and appreciating hidden value – both in the materials we handle and in the people who drive our business forward. Read more Our values To really be there for a customer or a colleague, in all simplicity. To be reliable and developing. To be ready for today's challenges as well as tomorrow's. Our values may sound simple. But simple is not the same as easy. Read more Vacancies Do you share our passion to explore new opportunities and create profitable, sustainable business? Welcome to explore our job openings! Read more Our code of conduct Our way of doing business, treating everyone with respect, while safeguarding human rights and the environment has contributed to our leading position. Read more Whistleblowing How to report violations of our Code of Conduct. Read more Research and development Our research and development bridge the technological gap between current recycling concepts and the future demands for recycled raw materials of all kinds. Read more Group management and the board Stena Metall AB The Stena Metall Group management and members of the board of directors. Read more The Stena Sphere The Stena Sphere is one of the largest family-owned business spheres in Sweden and operates worldwide. Read more Our history From dealing scrap Gothenburg, Sweden to recycling, manufacturing and large-scale trading on the world market. This is our history. Read more Share this page https://www.stenametall.com/about-us/about-stena-metall-group/ Follow us Updates on social media. LinkedIn Facebook YouTube Stena Metall Group About Stena Metall Group Our businesses Vacancies Newsroom Group management and the board Code of Conduct Whistleblowing Financial information Financial reports Green bonds Key facts and figures Contact us Contact our companies Press contacts Group functions contacts Copyright © 2024 Stena Metall AB English English Svenska Privacy Cookies

Investor relations | Stena Metall Group × Allow cookies and tracking? Cookies and website analysis help us give you a better experience, improve our website, and keep our marketing costs down. We won't turn them on until you accept. Click "Customise" if you would like to adjust your preferences. By clicking "Accept", you agree to the use of all cookies and tracking as described in our Privacy Information . Customise Accept all Customise Necessary These help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas. The website cannot function properly without these . Preferences These remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. Statistics Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Marketing Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Allow selection Contact us English English Svenska What we do News & Insights Research & Development About us Career Investor relations Search Circular economy Our businesses Newsroom Insights & Inspiration Research for the future About Stena Metall Group Sustainability Values Health and safety Code of Conduct Whistleblowing Group management and board Stena Sphere History Work at Stena Metall Vacancies Investor relations Our businesses Stena Recycling Stena Aluminium Stena Stål Stena Oil Stena Confidential Stena Metall Finans Stena New Ventures HaloSep Sustainability Sustainability ambitions Sustainability reporting UN Global Compact UN Sustainable Development Goals Green financing Work at Stena Metall Work at Group IT Trainee program Our culture Our offer Our benefits Investor relations Financial reports Green bonds Key facts and figures Archive What we do News & Insights Research & Development About us Career Investor relations Contact us English Home Investor relations Investor relations Investor relations The Stena Metall Group contributes actively to the development of the circular economy. In close collaboration with our customers and partners, we work to achieve more efficient and smarter use of resources. Besides offering recycling and reuse services, we offer production of recycled aluminium, supply of steel products, financial operations, international commercial activities within ferrous and non-ferrous metals and supply of marine fuels. Stena Metall Group operates in nine countries: Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Finland, Poland, Germany, Italy, Switzerland, and the USA. Contact us Stena Metall Group Peter Gustafsson Managing Director, AB Stena Metall Finans +46 10 445 20 12 Send email Stena Metall Group Jonas Höglund CFO, Stena Metall AB +46 10 445 2002 Send email Sweden AB Stena Metall Finans Fiskhamnsgatan 8B, SE-414 51 Göteborg Show on map Postal address Box 4088, SE-400 40 Göteborg +46 10 445 00 00 www.stenametall.com/stenametallfinans Learn more About Stena Metall Group Our Businesses Green Financing Follow us Updates on social media. LinkedIn Facebook YouTube Stena Metall Group About Stena Metall Group Our businesses Vacancies Newsroom Group management and the board Code of Conduct Whistleblowing Financial information Financial reports Green bonds Key facts and figures Contact us Contact our companies Press contacts Group functions contacts Copyright © 2024 Stena Metall AB English English Svenska Privacy Cookies

Stena Metall - Wikipedia Jump to content Main menu Main menu move to sidebar hide Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Donate Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Search Search Create account Log in Personal tools Create account Log in Pages for logged out editors learn more Contributions Talk Toggle the table of contents Contents move to sidebar hide (Top) 1 Subsidiaries Toggle Subsidiaries subsection 1.1 Stena Recycling AB 1.2 Stena Trade & Industry AB 1.3 Stena Metal International AB 1.4 Stena Stål AB 1.5 Stena Aluminium AB 1.6 Stena Oil AB 1.7 Stena Metal Inc. 1.8 Stena Metall Finans AB 2 Mergers, acquisitions & cooperations 3 See also 4 References Stena Metall 3 languages Dansk Deutsch Svenska Edit links Article Talk English Read Edit View history Tools Tools move to sidebar hide Actions Read Edit View history General What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Cite this page Get shortened URL Download QR code Wikidata item Edit interlanguage links Print/export Download as PDF Printable version From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Stena Metall AB Industry Recycling and disposal Founded November 18, 1939 Headquarters Gothenburg , Sweden Key people Kristofer Sundsgård (CEO) Net income 1.9 billion Euro (1st quarter 2022) [1] Website stenametall .se Recycling company This article relies excessively on references to primary sources . Please improve this article by adding secondary or tertiary sources . Find sources: "Stena Metall" – news · newspapers · books · scholar · JSTOR ( October 2022 ) ( Learn how and when to remove this message ) Stena Metall in Malmö. Stena Metall AB is a company in the recycling industry that is also engaged in smelting metals, including aluminum. The recycled material is sold to various companies. Stena Metall AB operates in Sweden , Denmark , Norway , Finland , Poland , Italy , Germany , Switzerland and the United States of America . [2] It is one of three wholly owned entities comprising the Stena Group (Stena AB, Stena Sessan AB and Stena Metall AB), [3] [4] and the oldest part of the group having been founded on November 18, 1939. The CEO is Kristofer Sundsgård. [5] The previous CEO Anders Jansson retired in 2022 after having served in this role for 23 years. [6] Anders Jansson had recently been criticized by the local press for calculating taxes differently than the local tax authorities in Sweden. [7] The company is considered a major European leader within industrial recycling, and has been actively expanding its services within the field of environmental recycling since the early 1990s. [8] Subsidiaries [ edit ] Stena Metall AB owns more than 15 companies (directly or indirectly). Subsidiarity is an important value for in the company. [9] The following chapters are each dedicated to one of the subsidiaries of Stena Metall AB: Stena Recycling AB [ edit ] Through Stena Recycling AB, the company collects and processes scrap metal , plastic , paper , e- waste , spent batteries, hazardous waste and chemicals at about 173 sites in seven countries. [10] The consulting arm of Stena Recycling AB helps companies to design more sustainable products. [11] In 2021, Stena Recycling AB started to build facilities for the shredding of lithium-ion batteries . [12] The Swedish Energy Agency decided to give Stena Recycling AB SEK 70.7 M in 2022 as subsidies for building a facility for treating waste batteries that are a crucial step to reduce reliance on fossil fuels; this facility is designed to shred about 10,000 Mg of lithium-ion batteries per year and produce recyclable materials from them. [13] In 2022, a subsidiary of Stena Recycling AB sold its business with the recycling of heat exchangers in Germany to a subsidiary of Quantum Opportunity Fund II GmbH & Co. KG to focus its German business on the treatment of waste batteries. [14] [15] [16] [17] In the same year, Stena bought Encore Environmental Services Oy in Finland to grow its existing waste management business in the Nordic country. [18] Stena Trade & Industry AB [ edit ] Stena Trade & Industry AB is the owner of BatteryLoop Technologies AB that builds stationary energy storage systems from batteries that are designed for electric vehicles. [19] [20] BatteryLoop Technologies AB is cooperating with Bixia AB and One Nordic Holding AB to stabilize the Swedish energy grid. [21] The products of BatteryLoop Technologies AB are tailored to owners and operators of real estate and logistics companies like ports. [22] Some of BatteryLoop's first products was deployed in cooperation with Volvo Cars and Essity . [23] Stena Metal International AB [ edit ] Stena Metal International AB markets metal fractions produced by other subsidiaries of Stena Metall AB. The operations of this subsidiary include international trading in scrap. [24] Stena Stål AB [ edit ] Stena Stål delivers steel products in cooperation with steel producers. It has 15 locations in Sweden and another location in Norway . Its managing director is Stefan Svensson. [25] Stena Aluminium AB [ edit ] Stena Aluminium AB is based in Älmhult (Sweden). It produces about 300 different aluminium alloys for foundry customers in northern Europe. The managing director is Johan Thunholm. [26] Stena Oil AB [ edit ] Stena Oil AB sells bunker oil and takes care of oil sludge in cooperation with Stena Recycling. It trades in the North Sea and the passages between the North Sea and the Baltic Sea. The managing director of this subsidiary is Jonas Persson. [27] Stena Metal Inc. [ edit ] Stena Metal Inc. has its headquarter in Southport (Connecticut). It trades scrap metal, metal products, petroleum coke, and other raw materials. The managing director of Stena Metal Inc. is Doug Fried. [28] Stena Metall Finans AB [ edit ] Stena Metall Finans AB manages the finances of Stena Metall AB by investing in hedge funds and companies with relatively stable profit forecasts. It is considered the internal bank of Stena Metall AB. Its managing director is Peter Gustafsson. [29] Mergers, acquisitions & cooperations [ edit ] In 2011 Stena Metall AB acquired Norsk Metallretur, a ferrous and non-ferrous metals recycler. [30] [31] In 2021, Johnson Matthey, a British chemical company, joined in a venture with Stena Recycling to develop a process for the recycling of Lithium-ion batteries and battery cell materials. [32] See also [ edit ] Stena Sphere Stena Line References [ edit ] ^ Riebeling, Eva (25 April 2022). "Further sales and profit growth for Stena Metall" . EUWID Recycyling und Entsorgung . Retrieved 8 November 2023 . ^ "Stena Metall AB: About Us" . stenametall.com . Retrieved 2022-10-15 . ^ Steven, Fawkes (2016). Energy Efficiency: The Definitive Guide to the Cheapest, Cleanest, Fastest Source of Energy . Taylor & Francis. ISBN 9781317143703 . ^ Lawrence, Robert Z; Blanke, Jennifer; Drzeniek Hanouz, Margareta; Moavenzadeh, John (2008). The Global Enabling Trade Report 2008 . World Economic Forum. ISBN 9789295044067 . ^ "Press release:Kristofer Sundsgård new CEO of Stena Metall AB" . stenametall.com . Retrieved 2022-10-15 . ^ "Kristofer Sundsgård assumes the post as President & CEO after Anders Jansson" . live.euronext.com . Retrieved 2022-10-15 . ^ "Stena Metall-chefer får ny skattesmäll – för kräftevent" . Andres Kriisa . Retrieved 2022-10-15 . ^ Doppelt, Bob (2017). Leading Change Toward Sustainability: A Change-Management Guide for Business, Government and Civil Society . Taylor & Francis. ISBN 9781351278942 . ^ "Why do business with us" . Stena Metall AB . Archived from the original on 28 January 2022 . Retrieved 30 October 2022 . ^ "Stena Metall AB: Waste streams" . stenametall.com . Retrieved 2022-10-15 . ^ "Stena Recycling AB: Our Business" . stenametall.com . Retrieved 2022-10-15 . ^ "Stena breaks ground on lithium-ion battery recycling plant in Sweden" . bestmag.co.uk . Archived from the original on 18 May 2022 . Retrieved 30 October 2022 . ^ "Swedish Energy Agency Gives Stena Recycling SEK 70.7M to Support New Battery Recycling Plant in Halmstad" . BatteriesNews.com . Archived from the original on 18 February 2022 . Retrieved 30 October 2022 . ^ "Stena Recycling schließt Verkauf von Kühlgeräterecyclinganlagen ab" . euwid-recycling.de . Retrieved 2022-10-15 . ^ "Stena Recycling verkauft Kühlschrankrecycling-Geschäft" . eu-recycling.com . Retrieved 2022-10-15 . ^ "Quantum Group acquires German cools recycling business from Stena Metall" . capital-riesgo.es . Retrieved 2022-10-15 . ^ "Quantum Group erwirbt Kühlgeräterecyclinggeschäft von Stena Metall" . unternehmeredition.de . Retrieved 2022-10-15 . ^ "Stena Recycling Finland acquires Encore Environmental Services" . live.euronext.com . Retrieved 2022-10-15 . ^ "Stena Recycling AB acquired an unknown stake in Batteryloop AB from Ferroamp Elektronik AB (OM:FERRO)" . Marketscreener.com . Archived from the original on 30 October 2022 . Retrieved 30 October 2022 . ^ "BatteryLoop" . allabolag.se . Archived from the original on 30 October 2022 . Retrieved 30 October 2022 . ^ "BatteryLoop: three business deals and two new collaborations" . Marketscreener.com . Archived from the original on 16 September 2022 . Retrieved 30 October 2022 . ^ "BatteryLoop Technologies AB" . Marketscreener.com . Archived from the original on 17 September 2021 . Retrieved 30 October 2022 . ^ "BatteryLoop - collaboration with Essity, Volvo Cars and Stena Property" . Stena Recycling AB . Archived from the original on 30 October 2022 . Retrieved 30 October 2022 . ^ "Stena Metal International AB: About Us" . stenametall.com . Retrieved 2022-10-15 . ^ "Stena Stål AB: About Us" . stenametall.com . Retrieved 2022-10-15 . ^ "Stena Aluminium AB: About Us" . stenametall.com . Retrieved 2022-10-15 . ^ "Stena Oil AB: About Us" . stenametall.com . Retrieved 2022-10-15 . ^ "Stena Metal Inc.: About Us" . stenametall.com . Retrieved 2022-10-15 . ^ "Stena Metall Finans AB: About Us" . stenametall.com . Retrieved 2022-10-15 . ^ Gleeson, Daniel (2011-08-05). "Stena Metall signs agreement to acquire metal recycler Norsk Metallretur". Metal Bulletin Daily (274): 127–127. ^ "Stena Metall will buy Norsk Metallretur". Metal Bulletin Magazine (9213): 11–11. 2011-08-15. ^ Schaal, Sebastian (2021-04-29). "Johnson Matthey und Stena starten Recycling-Projekt" . electrive.net (in German) . Retrieved 2023-11-08 . Retrieved from " https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Stena_Metall&oldid=1208915654 " Categories : Recycling industry Companies of Sweden Hidden categories: CS1 German-language sources (de) Pages using infobox company with a logo from wikidata Articles with short description Short description matches Wikidata Articles lacking reliable references from October 2022 All articles lacking reliable references This page was last edited on 19 February 2024, at 14:02 (UTC) . Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License 4.0 ;
additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. , a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Code of Conduct Developers Statistics Cookie statement Mobile view Edit preview settings Toggle limited content width

