TTPC: About us TTPC: About us This web site uses - proprietary and third-party - technical cookies and content personalization cookies. By closing this banner or clicking on OK, you are providing your consent to the use of cookies. You can deny consent to the use of cookies by referring to the Cookie Policy. Cookie Policy Close Feed RSS Service Copy link location, and paste the URL into your RSS feed reader for updates about scheduled or accidental service interruptions, communications and dedicated messages from Market. Copy link Urgent Market Messages https://www.ttpc.sea-corridor.com/egts-services/api/v1/umm/rss Copy Communications link https://www.ttpc.sea-corridor.com/egts-services/api/v1/communication/IT/rss Help Feed RSS Online Services Visit SeaCorridor About us Business and Service UMM Communications Contacts Feed RSS EN IT EN IT EN About us Business and Service UMM Communications Contacts Feed RSS Visit SeaCorridor Online Services About us TThe Trans Tunisian Pipeline Company was established to ensure the transportation of natural gas of Algerian origin from the border between Tunisia and Algeria, at Oued Saf-Saf, to the Tunisian coast, at Cap Bon, where the TTPC transportation system connects to the TMPC submarine pipeline. Company and History TTPC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of SeaCorridor, a company jointly owned by Eni and Snam, with its registered office in San Donato Milanese, Italy, and has the primary function of transporting gas of Algerian origin through Tunisia. Eni is an integrated energy company with approximately 33,000 employees in 71 countries worldwide. It carries out exploration, development and extraction of oil and natural gas in 46 countries, trades oil, natural gas, LNG and electricity in 30 countries, and markets fuels and lubricants in 32 countries. Snam is the main European operator in the transport and storage of natural gas, with an infrastructure capable of enabling the energy transition. The group manages a pipeline network of approximately 41,000 km between Italy, Austria, France, Greece and the United Kingdom and holds 3.5% of the world's gas storage capacity. It is also one of the major operators in LNG regasification. Read More Transtunisian Pipeline The TTPC transport system was built to transport gas of Algerian origin to Italy and is the result of agreements between Eni and the Tunisian state in 1977 and renewed in 1991 for the construction of a second line; these agreements were ratified by the Tunisian parliament and have therefore become the law of the Republic of Tunisia. The TTPC pipeline came into operation in 1983. In 1994, the first significant expansion of the Transtunisian pipeline was completed, through the laying of a second line and the upgrading of the compression system. The transit through Tunisia was carried out, in the case of both the first and second lines, under agreements between Eni and the Tunisian State, signed on 25 October 1977 and 6 March 1991 respectively. Following approval by the National Assembly, these agreements became Tunisian state law. A new agreement was updated, and is the one still in force, in September 2019. Corporate Responsibility Trans Tunisian Pipeline Company’s Corporate Responsibility is expressed in: the values of Eni Code of Ethics;; the full compliance with the applicable laws and regulations; the constant commitment to promote and develop the professional skills of its employees the behaviour and commitment that all personnel assume and promote day by day in the performance of their work. The Code of Ethics On 6 June 2023, TTPC's Board of Directors resolved to adopt the Code of Ethics of the shareholder SeaCorridor, which had already been approved by SeaCorridor's Board of Directors on 10 January 2023. The Code of Ethics brings together the set of values that the Company recognises, accepts and shares and the responsibilities it assumes towards the inside and outside of its organisation. Integrity, respect and protection of Human Rights, transparency, promotion of development, operational excellence, team work and collaboration, as well as innovation are the values that tell who we are, what we believe in, values that guide our actions, characterise our commitment and direct our behaviour and that of those who interact with us. The observance of the Code of Ethics by the directors, auditors, management and employees of TTPC, as well as by any third party who collaborates or works on behalf of or in the interest of TTPC, each within the scope of their functions and responsibilities, is of fundamental importance for the efficiency, reliability and reputation of TTPC. Allegati Code of Ethics 737,7KB The 231 Model Legislative Decree No. 231 of 8 June 2001 introduced the regulation of the Administrative Liability of Companies under which they can be held liable, and consequently penalised, for certain offences committed or attempted in the interest or to the advantage of the company by its directors or employees. The liability of the company is excluded if it has adopted and effectively implemented, prior to the commission of offences, organisational, management and control models suitable for preventing such offences ('Model 231') and has established a body responsible for supervising the operation of and compliance with the models ('Supervisory Board'). TTPC has adopted its own Model 231, of which the Code of Ethics represents a general principle that cannot be derogated, and ensures that it is constantly updated. The principles and contents of Model 231 are addressed to the members of the corporate bodies, management and employees of the Company (if any), as well as to all collaborators, consultants, partners, suppliers and counterparties in Italy and abroad and, in general, to all third parties acting on behalf of the Company. The principles and contents of Legislative Decree No. 231 of 2001 and of Model 231 are disseminated by means of training courses addressed to the persons of TTPC. Allegati Model 231 365,4KB The Supervisory Board The Supervisory Board is collegial and consists of three external members and has a term of office of three years. Component Qualification Lawyer Massimiliano Lei External component (Chairman) Prof. Engr. Emanuele Gattiv External component Dr. Riccardo Amatucci External component The Company's Supervisory Board defines and carries out the activities for which it is responsible and is endowed, pursuant to Article 6(1)(b) of Legislative Decree No. 231 of 2001, with 'autonomous powers of initiative and control'. The Supervisory Board regulates its own functioning by means of specific regulations. The Supervisory Board also acts as Guarantor of the Code of Ethics with the task of promoting its implementation, dissemination and knowledge. The Guarantor also has the task of examining reports of possible violations of the Code of Ethics, promoting the most appropriate checks. The whistleblowing system TTPC has implemented the Guideline adopted by SeaCorridor for reports, even in anonymous form, of alleged irregularities, implementing specific communication channels for their receipt. Personnel and third parties may make written or oral reports concerning violations of which the reporter has become aware in the context of work. SeaCorridor ensures the receipt and analysis of each report by applying criteria of utmost confidentiality suitable, inter alia, to protect the honourability of the persons reported and the effectiveness of the investigations, consistent with the legal provisions on whistleblowing. Anyone who receives a report outside the prescribed channels shall promptly forward it through the prescribed communication channels. Communication channels provided: E-mail: whistleblowing@sea-corridor.com Voice mailbox (also accessible from abroad): +39 06/59824299 Direct meeting with the Internal Audit Function Allegati GUIDELINE OF REPORTS, ALSO ANONYMOUS, RECEIVED BY SEACORRIDOR SRL AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 369,0KB Privacy and data protection guidelines TTPC has implemented the Guideline on Privacy and data protection adopted by SeaCorridor, a document describing the general principles to be observed for the correct application of the regulations on the protection of personal data and the rules aimed at ensuring, within the company organisation, the correct management of activities relating to the processing of personal data. The Privacy and Data Protection Guideline defines the fulfilments and specifies the actions that must be taken in compliance with both national and European legislation with regard to the processing and protection of personal data, so that the processing of personal data is carried out in compliance with the fundamental rights and freedoms of natural persons and, in particular, with the right to the protection of personal data. In particular, the Privacy and data protection Guideline identifies a "data protection" management system based on the subdivision of roles and responsibilities, as well as of the related tasks and powers, at a corporate level, among the subjects involved in the processing of personal data, in order to guarantee, in compliance with the timeframes indicated by the GDPR, compliance with legal obligations. Furthermore, the Privacy and data protection Guideline provides for specific procedures aimed at implementing, within the corporate organisation, the various obligations provided for by the legislation on the protection of personal data, including a special procedure to manage any breaches of personal data (so-called 'data breach'). Allegati Privacy and data protection 440,3KB Organization Chart The organization chart shows the composition of our management by area of responsibility. Trans Tunisian Pipeline Company S.p.A. - © 2024 Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions RSS Feed Help

TTPC: Home TTPC: Home Questo sito utilizza cookie tecnici e di personalizzazione dei contenuti, propri e di terze parti. Chiudendo questo banner o cliccando su OK, presti il tuo consenso all'utilizzo dei cookie. All'interno della Cookie Policy è possibile negare il consenso all’utilizzo dei cookie. Cookie Policy Chiudi Servizio Feed RSS Iscrivendosi a questi feed sarà possibile ricevere gli aggiornamenti relativi agli Urgent Market Messages e alle comunicazioni dedicate al mercato. Copia il link e inseriscilo nel tuo reader per essere sempre aggiornato. Copia link Urgent Market Messages https://www.ttpc.sea-corridor.com/egts-services/api/v1/umm/rss Copia link Comunicazioni https://www.ttpc.sea-corridor.com/egts-services/api/v1/communication/IT/rss Aiuto Feed RSS Servizi Online Visita SeaCorridor Chi siamo Business e Servizi UMM Comunicazioni Contatti Feed RSS IT IT EN IT EN Chi siamo Business e Servizi UMM Comunicazioni Contatti Feed RSS Visita SeaCorridor Servizi Online TTPC Trans Tunisian Pipeline Company Trans Tunisian Pipeline Company gestisce e commercializza la capacità di trasporto per il gas naturale proveniente dall'Algeria lungo il metanodotto compreso tra il Punto di Entrata di Oued Saf Saf ed il Punto di Uscita di Cap Bon Chi Siamo Trans Tunisian Pipeline Company S.p.A. è una società controllata da SeaCorridor, società a governance paritetica Eni e Snam, con sede legale a San Donato Milanese in Italia. SCOPRI DI PIÙ Business e Servizi In questa sezione sono riportate tutte le best practices adottate da TTPC per la gestione del Servizio di trasporto nonché tutte le informazioni utili al mercato per diventare clienti TTPC. Inoltre sono rese disponibili tutte le notizie d’interesse riguardanti il sistema di trasporto gestito da TTPC. SCOPRI DI PIÙ Urgent Market Messages In questa sezione sono riportati tutti gli Urgent Market Messages (UMM) secondo quanto previsto dalla normativa EU [Regulation (EU) No. 1227/2011 (REMIT)] in materia di trasparenza informativa SCOPRI DI PIÙ Comunicazioni SCOPRI IN PIÙ 27/07/2023 TTPC Booking Windows Calendar With reference to TTPC First Come First Served Offer 2023-24, published on June 21st, please find attached the relevant TTPC and TRANSMED Booking Windows Calendar, for a detailed yet immediate overview of all deadlines for “Direct FCFS” capacity booking on the PRISMA platform. 21/06/2023 Trans Tunisian Pipeline Company First Come First Served Offer 2023-2024 (hereinafter the “Offer”) Trans Tunisian Pipeline Company (hereinafter “TTPC”) informs that the firm transportation capacity on the trans-Tunisian pipeline, which remained uncommitted after TTPC previous offers, is available from June 28th, 2023 on the PRISMA platform, on a “first come first served” basis, now also with a weekly duration. The offered products are: -     Gas Year and multiples thereof, starting on October 1st, 2023 -     Calendar Year and multiples thereof, starting on January 1st, 2024 -     Quarters of Gas Year 2023-2024 (Q4 2023, Q1, Q2 and Q3 2024) -     Months of Gas Year 2023-2024 -     Weeks of Gas Year 2023-2024, starting on October 1st, 2023 -     Week Working Days of Gas Year 2023-2024, starting on October 1st, 2023. For the purposes of the Offer, TTPC also informs that: Interested parties will find here below the Offer procedure (“Procedure”) and its relevant attachments: Key Contractual Terms of the Gas Transportation Agreement, Registration Form, Declaration, and Power of Attorney. Participation in the Offer is through the PRISMA platform only (https://platform.prisma-capacity.eu). Applicants already having an active assignment with TTPC on the PRISMA platform should be aware that the Power of Attorney and the Declaration need to be re-submitted to TTPC. Applicants not having an active assignment with TTPC on the PRISMA platform are kindly requested to register on the PRISMA platform and to submit to TTPC all the required documentation pursuant to the Procedure. As with previous TTPC offers, the Offer provides for a coordinated and linked allocation of capacity on both TTPC and TMPC transportation systems. However, since also Transmed is now present on PRISMA, the booking process for bundled TTPC/Transmed transportation capacity will be entirely managed through the PRISMA platform. Interested parties will find Transmed terms and conditions at www.transmed-spa.it. For further information, including to request the full text of the GTA, please send an email to info@ttpc.eni.com. 23/06/2022 Trans Tunisian Pipeline Company First Come First Served Offer for Primary Capacity from October 1st, 2022 (hereinafter referred to as the “TTPC FCFS 2022-2023 Offer” or simply the “Offer”) Trans Tunisian Pipeline Company (hereinafter “TTPC”) informs that the firm transportation capacity on the trans-Tunisian pipeline remained uncommitted after TTPC previous offers is available from June 24th, 2022 on the PRISMA platform on a “first come first served” basis. The offered products are: -   Gas Year and multiples thereof, starting on October 1st, 2022; -   Calendar Year and multiples thereof, starting on January 1st, 2023; -   Quarters (“Q”) of Gas Year 2022-2023: Q4 2022, Q1 2023, Q2 2023, Q3 2023; -   Months of Gas Year 2022-2023. For the purposes of TTPC FCFS 2022-2023 Offer, TTPC also informs that: Interested parties will find here below the Offer procedure (“Procedure”) and its relevant attachments: Key Contractual Terms of the Gas Transportation Agreement[1], Registration Form, Declaration, and Power of Attorney. Participation in the Offer is through the PRISMA platform only (https://platform.prisma-capacity.eu). Applicants already having an active assignment with TTPC on the PRISMA platform should be aware that the Power of Attorney and the Declaration need to be re-submitted. Applicants not having an active assignment with TTPC on the PRISMA platform are kindly requested to register on the PRISMA platform and to submit all the requested documentation pursuant to the Procedure. As for TTPC previous offers, a coordinated and linked assignment of capacity on both TTPC and TMPC systems will apply for TTPC FCFS 2022-2023 Offer. As a consequence, an assignee of capacity pursuant to the Offer shall be entitled to have access to TRANSMED capacity on the TMPC pipeline for the same quantity and duration as awarded by TTPC. Interested parties will find the corresponding documentation on the TRANSMED website at www.transmed-spa.it. [1] For the full text of the GTA please write to info@ttpc.eni.com. Trans Tunisian Pipeline Company S.p.A. - © 2024 Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Termini e Condizioni RSS Feed Aiuto

TTPC: Chi siamo TTPC: Chi siamo Questo sito utilizza cookie tecnici e di personalizzazione dei contenuti, propri e di terze parti. Chiudendo questo banner o cliccando su OK, presti il tuo consenso all'utilizzo dei cookie. All'interno della Cookie Policy è possibile negare il consenso all’utilizzo dei cookie. Cookie Policy Chiudi Servizio Feed RSS Iscrivendosi a questi feed sarà possibile ricevere gli aggiornamenti relativi agli Urgent Market Messages e alle comunicazioni dedicate al mercato. Copia il link e inseriscilo nel tuo reader per essere sempre aggiornato. Copia link Urgent Market Messages https://www.ttpc.sea-corridor.com/egts-services/api/v1/umm/rss Copia link Comunicazioni https://www.ttpc.sea-corridor.com/egts-services/api/v1/communication/IT/rss Aiuto Feed RSS Servizi Online Visita SeaCorridor Chi siamo Business e Servizi UMM Comunicazioni Contatti Feed RSS IT IT EN IT EN Chi siamo Business e Servizi UMM Comunicazioni Contatti Feed RSS Visita SeaCorridor Servizi Online Chi siamo Trans Tunisian Pipeline Company è stata creata al fine di garantire il trasporto di gas naturale di origine algerina dalla frontiera fra Tunisia ed Algeria, presso Oued Saf-Saf, alla costa Tunisina, presso Cap Bon, dove il sistema di trasporto TTPC si connette al gasdotto sottomarino TMPC. Azienda e storia TTPC è la società 100% controllata da SeaCorridor, società a governance paritetica Eni e Snam, con sede legale a San Donato Milanese in Italia, ed ha la funzione primaria di trasportare attraverso la Tunisia il gas di origine algerina. Eni è una società integrata dell’energia con circa 33.000 dipendenti in 71 Paesi del mondo. Svolge attività di esplorazione, sviluppo ed estrazione di olio e gas naturale in 46 Paesi, è attiva nel trading di olio, gas naturale, GNL ed energia elettrica in 30 Paesi e commercializza carburanti e lubrificanti in 32 Paesi. Snam è il principale operatore europeo nel trasporto e nello stoccaggio di gas naturale, con un'infrastruttura in grado di abilitare la transizione energetica. Il gruppo gestisce una rete di metanodotti di circa 41.000 km tra Italia, Austria, Francia, Grecia e Regno Unito e detiene il 3,5% della capacità di stoccaggio di gas a livello mondiale. È, inoltre, uno dei maggiori operatori nella rigassificazione del GNL. Leggi di più Gasdotto transtunisino Il sistema di trasporto della TTPC è stato realizzato con la funzione di trasportare il gas di origine algerina verso l'Italia ed è il risultato degli accordi stipulati fra Eni e lo Stato tunisino nel 1977 e rinnovati nel 1991 per la costruzione di una seconda linea; tali accordi sono stati ratificati dal parlamento tunisino e sono, pertanto, divenuti legge della Repubblica di Tunisia. Il gasdotto TTPC è entrato in esercizio nel 1983. Nel 1994 è stato completato il primo significativo potenziamento del gasdotto transtunisino, attraverso la posa di una seconda linea e l’adeguamento del sistema di compressione. L’attraversamento della Tunisia é stato realizzato, sia nel caso della prima linea sia nel caso della seconda, a seguito di accordi stipulati tra Eni e lo Stato tunisino, sottoscritti rispettivamente il 25 ottobre 1977 ed il 6 marzo 1991. A seguito dell’approvazione da parte dell’Assemblea Nazionale, tali accordi sono divenuti legge dello Stato tunisino. Un nuovo accordo è stato aggiornato, ed è quello tuttora vigente, nel settembre 2019. Responsabilità d’impresa La Responsabilità d'Impresa di Trans Tunisian Pipeline Company si esprime: nei principi e valori presenti nel Codice Etico Eni; nel pieno rispetto delle normative vigenti; nel costante impegno teso a promuovere e valorizzare le capacità professionali dei dipendenti; nel comportamento e nell'impegno che quotidianamente le persone che lavorano in Trans Tunisian Pipeline Company assumono e promuovono nello svolgimento del loro lavoro. Il Codice Etico In data 6 giugno 2023 il Consiglio di Amministrazione di TTPC ha deliberato il recepimento del Codice Etico dell’azionista SeaCorridor, già approvato dal Consiglio di Amministrazione di SeaCorridor in data 10 gennaio 2023. Il Codice Etico raccoglie l’insieme dei valori che la Società riconosce, accetta e condivide e le responsabilità che essa si assume verso l’interno e l’esterno della propria organizzazione. Integrità, rispetto e tutela dei Diritti Umani, trasparenza, promozione dello sviluppo, eccellenza operativa, team work e collaborazione, nonché innovazione sono i valori che raccontano chi siamo, in cosa crediamo, valori che guidano le nostre azioni, caratterizzano il nostro impegno e indirizzano il comportamento nostro e di chi interagisce con noi. L’osservanza del Codice Etico da parte degli amministratori, dei sindaci, del management e dei dipendenti di TTPC, nonché da qualunque terza parte che collabori o lavori in nome o per conto o nell’interesse di TTPC, ciascuno nell’ambito delle proprie funzioni e responsabilità, è di importanza fondamentale per l’efficienza, l’affidabilità e la reputazione di TTPC. Allegati Codice etico 737,7KB Il Modello 231 Il Decreto Legislativo n. 231 dell’8 giugno 2001 ha introdotto la disciplina della Responsabilità Amministrativa delle Società in base alla quale queste possono essere ritenute responsabili, e conseguentemente sanzionate, in relazione a taluni reati commessi o tentati nell'interesse o a vantaggio della società dagli amministratori o dai dipendenti. La responsabilità della società viene esclusa se essa ha adottato ed efficacemente attuato, prima della commissione di reati, modelli di organizzazione, gestione e controllo idonei a prevenire i reati stessi (“Modello 231”) e ha istituito un Organismo preposto a vigilare sul funzionamento e sull'osservanza dei modelli (“Organismo di Vigilanza”). TTPC ha adottato il proprio Modello 231, del quale il Codice Etico rappresenta un principio generale non derogabile, e provvede al suo costante aggiornamento. I principi e i contenuti del Modello 231 sono destinati ai componenti degli organi sociali, del management e ai dipendenti della Società (se presenti), nonché a tutti gli eventuali collaboratori, consulenti, partner, fornitori e controparti in Italia e all’esternoe, in generale, a tutti i terzi che agiscono per conto della Società. I principi e i contenuti del d.lgs. n. 231 del 2001 e del Modello 231 sono divulgati mediante corsi di formazione indirizzati alle persone di TTPC. Allegati Modello 231 365,4KB L’Organismo di vigilanza L’Organismo di Vigilanza è collegiale ed è composto da tre componenti esterni e ha una durata in carica è di tre anni. Componente Qualifica Avv. Massimiliano Lei Componente esterno (Presidente) Prof. Ing. Emanuele Gattiv Componente esterno Dott. Riccardo Amatucci Componente esterno L’Organismo di Vigilanza della Società definisce e svolge le attività di competenza ed è dotato ai sensi dell’articolo 6, comma 1, lett. b), del d.lgs. n. 231 del 2001 di “autonomi poteri di iniziativa e controllo”. L’Organismo di Vigilanza disciplina il proprio funzionamento mediante apposito regolamento. L’Organismo di Vigilanza svolge anche la funzione di Garante del Codice Etico con il compito di promuoverne l’attuazione, la diffusione e la conoscenza. Il Garante, inoltre, ha il compito di esaminare le notizie di possibili violazioni del Codice Etico, promuovendo le verifiche più opportune. Il sistema di whistleblowing TTPC ha recepito la Guideline adottata da SeaCorridor per le segnalazioni, anche in forma anonima, di presunte irregolarità, implementando specifici canali di comunicazione per la loro ricezione. Il personale e le terze parti possono effettuare segnalazioni in forma scritta o orale avente a oggetto informazioni sulle violazioni di cui il segnalante è venuto a conoscenza nell’ambito del contesto lavorativo. SeaCorridor assicura la ricezione e l’analisi di ogni segnalazione applicando criteri di massima riservatezza idonei, tra l’altro, a tutelare l’onorabilità delle persone segnalate e l’efficacia degli accertamenti, in coerenza alle disposizioni di legge in materia di whistleblowing. Chiunque riceva una segnalazione al di fuori dei canali previsti provvede a trasmetterla, tempestivamente per il tramite dei canali di comunicazione previsti. I canali di comunicazione previsti sono i seguenti Posta elettronica: whistleblowing@sea-corridor.com Casella vocale (accessibile anche dall’estero): +39 06/59824299 Incontro diretto con la Funzione Internal Audit Allegati GUIDELINE SEGNALAZIONI, ANCHE ANONIME, RICEVUTE DA SEACORRIDOR SRL E DA SOCIETA’ CONTROLLATE 369,0KB Guideline Privacy e data protection TTPC ha recepito Guideline in materia di Privacy e data protection adottata da SeaCorridor, un documento nel quale sono descritti i principi generali da osservare ai fini della corretta applicazione della normativa in materia di protezione dei dati personali e le regole volte a garantire, all’interno dell’organizzazione aziendale, una corretta gestione delle attività relative al trattamento dei dati personali. La Guideline Privacy e data protection definisce gli adempimenti e specifica le azioni che devono essere intraprese in conformità alla normativa sia nazionale sia europea con riguardo al trattamento e alla protezione dei dati personali, affinché il trattamento dei dati personali si svolga nel rispetto dei diritti e delle libertà fondamentali delle persone fisiche e, in particolare, del diritto alla protezione dei dati personali. In particolare, la Guideline Privacy e data protection individua un sistema di gestione “data protection” basato sulla suddivisione dei ruoli e delle responsabilità, nonché dei relativi compiti e facoltà, a livello aziendale, tra i soggetti coinvolti nelle operazioni di trattamento di dati personali, al fine di garantire, nel rispetto delle tempistiche indicate dal GDPR, l’ottemperanza degli obblighi di legge. Inoltre, la Guideline Privacy e data protection prevede specifiche procedure volte a dare attuazione, all’interno dell’organizzazione aziendale, dei diversi adempimenti previsti dalla normativa in materia di protezione dei dati personali, ivi inclusa un’apposita procedura per gestire eventuali violazioni di dati personali (c.d. “data breach”). Allegati Privacy e data protection 440,3KB Organigramma Nello schema dell'organigramma è presentata la composizione del nostro management articolata nelle diverse aree di competenza. Trans Tunisian Pipeline Company S.p.A. - © 2024 Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Termini e Condizioni RSS Feed Aiuto

TTPC: Pagina non trovata. TTPC: Pagina non trovata. Questo sito utilizza cookie tecnici e di personalizzazione dei contenuti, propri e di terze parti. Chiudendo questo banner o cliccando su OK, presti il tuo consenso all'utilizzo dei cookie. All'interno della Cookie Policy è possibile negare il consenso all’utilizzo dei cookie. Cookie Policy Chiudi Servizio Feed RSS Iscrivendosi a questi feed sarà possibile ricevere gli aggiornamenti relativi agli Urgent Market Messages e alle comunicazioni dedicate al mercato. Copia il link e inseriscilo nel tuo reader per essere sempre aggiornato. Copia link Urgent Market Messages https://www.ttpc.sea-corridor.com/egts-services/api/v1/umm/rss Copia link Comunicazioni https://www.ttpc.sea-corridor.com/egts-services/api/v1/communication/IT/rss Aiuto Feed RSS Servizi Online Visita SeaCorridor Chi siamo Business e Servizi UMM Comunicazioni Contatti Feed RSS IT IT EN IT EN Chi siamo Business e Servizi UMM Comunicazioni Contatti Feed RSS Visita SeaCorridor Servizi Online Pagina non trovata. Torna alla Home Page Trans Tunisian Pipeline Company S.p.A. - © 2024 Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Termini e Condizioni RSS Feed Aiuto

