Vinavil - Polimeri per l'industria Powered by Cookiebot Consent Details [#IABV2SETTINGS#] About This website uses cookies On   this website cookies and other tracking tools that collect information from  your device are used. In addition to technical cookies, which are strictly  necessary for the operation of this website, aggregate analytics cookies are  used. Subject to your consent, analytics and statistics cookies,  functionality cookies and marketing and profiling cookies (including social  media cookies), which may also allow tracking of your activities across  multiple devices (cross-device), are also used. You can click on "Allow  all" to accept all the cookie categories or decide which cookies and  technologies to accept by clicking on "Customize". If you simply  close this banner, reject cookies, or continue browsing, only technical and  aggregated analytics cookies will be installed. For more details, please see  our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy sections on the website footer. Consent Selection Technical and aggregated analytics Functionality Analytics and statistics Marketing and profiling Show details Technical and aggregated analytics 6 Technical   cookies help us to make a website useful by enabling basic functions such as  page navigation, setting privacy preferences and accessing or filling in  forms. The website may not work correctly without technical cookies.  Moreover, aggregated analytics cookies enable us to count visits and traffic  sources so that we can measure and improve the performance of our website.  They also help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and to  see how visitors move around the site.   Aggregated analyses performed on visits never present information from  which your identity can be traced. Cookiebot 2 Learn more about this provider 1.gif Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Google 4 Learn more about this provider test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _gat Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _gid Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Functionality 0 These   cookies enable the website to provide advanced functionalities and  customizations that allow the navigation based on several elements (e.g.,  language, selected for purchase products) in order to improve the service. If  these cookies are not active some or all the services of the website may not  work correctly. These cookies may be set by us or by third parties whose  services have been integrated into our website’s pages. We do not use cookies of this type. Analytics and statistics 13 Analytics   and statistics cookies collect information about the users who visit our  website and their web browsing. For example, they collect data that helps us  to identify users accessing our website, allow us to see which pages are the  most often visited, whether users receive error messages, and how users  arrived at our website. These cookies are used to measure and improve the  performance of our website and are sometimes sent by third parties who  provide web traffic and analytics services. Your consent is required for the  use of such cookies. Google 3 Learn more about this provider collect Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Hotjar 3 Learn more about this provider _hjSession_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _hjSessionUser_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _hjTLDTest Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Tiktok 1 Learn more about this provider _tt_enable_cookie Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP cdnmedia.vinavil.com 3 FPAU Assigns a specific ID to the visitor. This allows the website to determine the number of specific user-visits for analysis and statistics. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP FPID Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP FPLC Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP sgtm.mapei.com 1 gtmBrowserId This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has visited the website before, or if it is a new visitor on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML www.vinavil.com 2 sf-prs-lu Detects and stores which landing page was presented to the user. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP sf-prs-ss Sets a timestamp for when the visitor entered the website. This is used for analytical purposes on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Marketing and profiling 31 Marketing   and profiling cookies are used for remarketing activities (i.e., to conduct  advertising activities towards users who have visited the website), for  tracking the user's web browsing and for creating profiles on the user’s  preferences, habits, choices, etc. These cookies, if are third parties’  cookies, may also show you relevant contents and advertisements on other  websites.  These cookies also include  social media cookies, that are used for enabling you to share our contents on  social media. If a user interacts with plug-ins, e.g., by clicking the  Facebook "Like" button or posting a comment while logged into  his/her social media account (e.g., Facebook, Pinterest, Twitter, YouTube,  Instagram), the user links the website content to his/her social media  profile. In such a way, the social media can associate a user's visit or the  detected interests with the user's social media account. For more information  on the data transmission, please refer to the privacy policy of the social  media outlet of interest. Disabling these cookies may result in content not  being shared on social media. Meta Platforms, Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP Google 6 Learn more about this provider IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP pagead/landing [x2] Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel ads/ga-audiences Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP Tiktok 5 Learn more about this provider tt_appInfo Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : Session Type : HTML tt_pixel_session_index Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : Session Type : HTML tt_sessionId Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : Session Type : HTML _ttp [x2] Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP YouTube 17 Learn more about this provider #-# Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTML iU5q-!O9@$ Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTML LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP nextId Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP requests Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Unclassified 3 Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. sgtm.mapei.com 2 cookie_consent_marketing Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML cookie_consent_statistics Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML www.vinavil.com 1 portalNavigation Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Cross-domain consent [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] [#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#] List of domains your consent applies to: [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#] Cookie declaration last updated on 4/23/24 by Cookiebot [#IABV2_TITLE#] [#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] Cookies   are small text files that are stored on the user's device. Cookies are very  common and are used on many websites. This is because cookies allow website  operators to do useful things. For example, a cookie allows a website  operator to know whether a device (and probably its user) has visited the  website before. In general, cookies are used to improve a website’s operation  and the user’s experience when using it, although cookies may also enable the  receipt of marketing communications.      On this website, with the user's consent, also technologies that allow  "cross-device" tracking, i.e., allowing to analyze the user’s  activities performed through different devices (e.g., computers and  smartphones), may be used. Do not sell or share my personal information Deny Allow selection Customize Allow all Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics Archivio Newsletter Contatti Lavora con noi ita Seleziona la lingua English italiano cerca ita Seleziona la lingua English italiano Seleziona la lingua italiano English Chi Siamo Sedi nel mondo Rete di vendita Qualità e R&S La Storia Financial reports Prodotti Dispersioni Omopolimeri di PVA Copolimeri VAE Copolimeri Veova Polimeri Acrilici Polimeri Vinilici con DBM Solidi Polimeri Solidi Applicazioni Pitture e vernici Adesivi Tessile Alimentare Edilizia Ambiente ISCC PLUS Etichettatura imballaggi Download News ed Eventi Archivio Newsletter Contatti Lavora con noi La mitica colla Vinavil Il marchio VINAVIL, oltre che nell’industria, è conosciuto da decenni in tutte le famiglie, grazie all’adesivo universale VINAVIL, la prima e più famosa “colla bianca” Scopri la storia di Vinavil Leader nei polimeri per l'industria Quasi 100 anni di esperienza nella scienza dei polimeri e di servizio all'industria chimica di trasformazione costituiscono il patrimonio tecnologico della VINAVIL. Scopri di più La mitica colla Vinavil Il marchio VINAVIL, oltre che nell’industria, è conosciuto da decenni in tutte le famiglie, grazie all’adesivo universale VINAVIL, la prima e più famosa “colla bianca” Scopri la storia di Vinavil Leader nei polimeri per l'industria Quasi 100 anni di esperienza nella scienza dei polimeri e di servizio all'industria chimica di trasformazione costituiscono il patrimonio tecnologico della VINAVIL. Scopri di più La mitica colla Vinavil Il marchio VINAVIL, oltre che nell’industria, è conosciuto da decenni in tutte le famiglie, grazie all’adesivo universale VINAVIL, la prima e più famosa “colla bianca” Scopri la storia di Vinavil Leader nei polimeri per l'industria Quasi 100 anni di esperienza nella scienza dei polimeri e di servizio all'industria chimica di trasformazione costituiscono il patrimonio tecnologico della VINAVIL. Scopri di più La mitica colla Vinavil Il marchio VINAVIL, oltre che nell’industria, è conosciuto da decenni in tutte le famiglie, grazie all’adesivo universale VINAVIL, la prima e più famosa “colla bianca” Scopri la storia di Vinavil Leader nei polimeri per l'industria Quasi 100 anni di esperienza nella scienza dei polimeri e di servizio all'industria chimica di trasformazione costituiscono il patrimonio tecnologico della VINAVIL. Scopri di più SEDI NEL MONDO RETE DI VENDITA Qualità e R&S 6 maggio 2024 RISULTATI DEL MECS 2024 Vinavil Egypt ha colto l'occasione per stringere nuove partnership e rafforzare i rapporti esistenti, aprendo la… 12 aprile 2024 AUMENTO DEI PREZZI PER TUTTI I POLIMERI VINILICI DAL 1° MAGGIO 2024 Vinavil Annuncia Aumento Prezzi Generale per tutti i polimeri vinilici dal 01/05/2024. 8 aprile 2024 PINTUMED 2024 - PIACENZA Vinavil vi invita a partecipare al convegno tecnico scientifico Pintumed 25 marzo 2024 MIDDLE EAST COATING SHOW 2024 Scoprite la fusione tra visione globale ed eccellenza locale: Visitate Vinavil al Middle East Coating Show 2024 Scopri tutte le news La mitica colla VINAVIL VINAVIL CASA & SCUOLA PICCOLE CONFEZIONI I numeri di VINAVIL 5 Siti produttivi nel mondo 3 Centri R&D 450.000 Tonnellate di produzione annuale 100 Anni di esperienza nella scienza dei polimeri Subscribe to the VINAVIL Newsletter Subscribe WHISTLEBLOWING Rapporto di sostenibilità CODICE ETICO principi del modello 231 DIISOCIANATI Change company | VINAVIL S.p.A. | VINAVIL Americas | VINAVIL Egypt | Preferenze Cookie | Cookie policy | Privacy policy | Copyright © 2024 VINAVIL S.p.A. Tutti i diritti riservati Vinavil S.p.A. Via Valtellina, 63 20159- Milano Italia Sede legale: Viale Edoardo Jenner 4 - 20159 Milano - Italia Tel +39-02-695541 Fax +39-02-69554890 - vinavil@vinavil.it - P.IVA 11222570159

Vinavil - Polymers for industry Powered by Cookiebot Consent Details [#IABV2SETTINGS#] About This website uses cookies On   this website cookies and other tracking tools that collect information from  your device are used. In addition to technical cookies, which are strictly  necessary for the operation of this website, aggregate analytics cookies are  used. Subject to your consent, analytics and statistics cookies,  functionality cookies and marketing and profiling cookies (including social  media cookies), which may also allow tracking of your activities across  multiple devices (cross-device), are also used. You can click on "Allow  all" to accept all the cookie categories or decide which cookies and  technologies to accept by clicking on "Customize". If you simply  close this banner, reject cookies, or continue browsing, only technical and  aggregated analytics cookies will be installed. For more details, please see  our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy sections on the website footer. Consent Selection Technical and aggregated analytics Functionality Analytics and statistics Marketing and profiling Show details Technical and aggregated analytics 6 Technical   cookies help us to make a website useful by enabling basic functions such as  page navigation, setting privacy preferences and accessing or filling in  forms. The website may not work correctly without technical cookies.  Moreover, aggregated analytics cookies enable us to count visits and traffic  sources so that we can measure and improve the performance of our website.  They also help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and to  see how visitors move around the site.   Aggregated analyses performed on visits never present information from  which your identity can be traced. Cookiebot 2 Learn more about this provider 1.gif Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Google 4 Learn more about this provider test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _gat Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _gid Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Functionality 0 These   cookies enable the website to provide advanced functionalities and  customizations that allow the navigation based on several elements (e.g.,  language, selected for purchase products) in order to improve the service. If  these cookies are not active some or all the services of the website may not  work correctly. These cookies may be set by us or by third parties whose  services have been integrated into our website’s pages. We do not use cookies of this type. Analytics and statistics 13 Analytics   and statistics cookies collect information about the users who visit our  website and their web browsing. For example, they collect data that helps us  to identify users accessing our website, allow us to see which pages are the  most often visited, whether users receive error messages, and how users  arrived at our website. These cookies are used to measure and improve the  performance of our website and are sometimes sent by third parties who  provide web traffic and analytics services. Your consent is required for the  use of such cookies. Google 3 Learn more about this provider collect Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Hotjar 3 Learn more about this provider _hjSession_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _hjSessionUser_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _hjTLDTest Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Tiktok 1 Learn more about this provider _tt_enable_cookie Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP cdnmedia.vinavil.com 3 FPAU Assigns a specific ID to the visitor. This allows the website to determine the number of specific user-visits for analysis and statistics. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP FPID Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP FPLC Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP sgtm.mapei.com 1 gtmBrowserId This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has visited the website before, or if it is a new visitor on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML www.vinavil.com 2 sf-prs-lu Detects and stores which landing page was presented to the user. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP sf-prs-ss Sets a timestamp for when the visitor entered the website. This is used for analytical purposes on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Marketing and profiling 31 Marketing   and profiling cookies are used for remarketing activities (i.e., to conduct  advertising activities towards users who have visited the website), for  tracking the user's web browsing and for creating profiles on the user’s  preferences, habits, choices, etc. These cookies, if are third parties’  cookies, may also show you relevant contents and advertisements on other  websites.  These cookies also include  social media cookies, that are used for enabling you to share our contents on  social media. If a user interacts with plug-ins, e.g., by clicking the  Facebook "Like" button or posting a comment while logged into  his/her social media account (e.g., Facebook, Pinterest, Twitter, YouTube,  Instagram), the user links the website content to his/her social media  profile. In such a way, the social media can associate a user's visit or the  detected interests with the user's social media account. For more information  on the data transmission, please refer to the privacy policy of the social  media outlet of interest. Disabling these cookies may result in content not  being shared on social media. Meta Platforms, Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP Google 6 Learn more about this provider IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP pagead/landing [x2] Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel ads/ga-audiences Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP Tiktok 5 Learn more about this provider tt_appInfo Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : Session Type : HTML tt_pixel_session_index Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : Session Type : HTML tt_sessionId Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : Session Type : HTML _ttp [x2] Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP YouTube 17 Learn more about this provider #-# Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTML iU5q-!O9@$ Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTML LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP nextId Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP requests Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Unclassified 3 Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. sgtm.mapei.com 2 cookie_consent_marketing Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML cookie_consent_statistics Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML www.vinavil.com 1 portalNavigation Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Cross-domain consent [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] [#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#] List of domains your consent applies to: [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#] Cookie declaration last updated on 4/23/24 by Cookiebot [#IABV2_TITLE#] [#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] Cookies   are small text files that are stored on the user's device. Cookies are very  common and are used on many websites. This is because cookies allow website  operators to do useful things. For example, a cookie allows a website  operator to know whether a device (and probably its user) has visited the  website before. In general, cookies are used to improve a website’s operation  and the user’s experience when using it, although cookies may also enable the  receipt of marketing communications.      On this website, with the user's consent, also technologies that allow  "cross-device" tracking, i.e., allowing to analyze the user’s  activities performed through different devices (e.g., computers and  smartphones), may be used. Do not sell or share my personal information Deny Allow selection Customize Allow all Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics Newsletter Archive Contact us Work with us eng Select language English italiano Search eng Select language English italiano Select language italiano English About us Global locations Sales network Quality and R&D Company history Financial reports Products Dispersions PVA Homopolymers VAE Copolymers Veova Copolymers Acryilic Polymers Vinylics with DBM Polymers Solids Solid Polymers Applications Paints and Coatings Adhesives Textiles Food Building Environment ISCC PLUS Labeling packaging in Italy Download News & Events Newsletter Archive Contact us Work with us The legendary VINAVIL glue Generations of Italian families know VINAVIL, thanks to the first and most famous “white glue". Find out more Proven Leader in industrial polymers 100 years of technical and practical experience in polymer and chemical science experience Find out more The legendary VINAVIL glue Generations of Italian families know VINAVIL, thanks to the first and most famous “white glue". Find out more Proven Leader in industrial polymers 100 years of technical and practical experience in polymer and chemical science experience Find out more The legendary
VINAVIL glue Generations of Italian families know VINAVIL, thanks to the first and most famous “white glue". Find out more Proven Leader in industrial polymers 100 years of technical and practical experience in polymer and chemical science experience Find out more The legendary
VINAVIL glue Generations of Italian families know VINAVIL, thanks to the first and most famous “white glue". Find out more Proven Leader in industrial polymers 100 years of technical and practical experience in polymer and chemical science experience Find out more GLOBAL LOCATIONS SALES NETWORK Quality and R&D May 6, 2024 RESULTS OF MECS 2024 Vinavil Egypt emerged as leaders in the field as always, leaving a lasting impression on all who attended Middle… April 12, 2024 PRICE INCREASE FOR ALL VINYL POLYMERS FROM MAY 1, 2024 Vinavil announces a forthcoming General Price Increase for all vinyl polymers, effective May 1st, 2024. April 8, 2024 PINTUMED 2024 - PIACENZA Vinavil invites you to attend Pintumed, scientific and technical conference. March 25, 2024 MIDDLE EAST COATING SHOW 2024 Discover the Fusion of Global Vision and Local Excellence: Visit Vinavil at Middle East Coating Show 2024 Learn more about all the news The legendary VINAVIL glue VINAVIL HOME & SCHOOL Small packaging VINAVIL in figures 5 manufacturing plants around the world 3 R&D centres 450.000 tonnes annual production 100 years of experience in polymer science Subscribe to the VINAVIL Newsletter Subscribe WHISTLEBLOWING CODE OF ETHICS Decree 231: corporate governance DIISOCYANATES Change company | VINAVIL S.p.A. | VINAVIL Americas | VINAVIL Egypt | Cookies Preferences | Cookie policy | Privacy policy | Copyright © 2024 VINAVIL S.p.A. All rights reserved Vinavil S.p.A. Via Valtellina, 63 20159- Milano Italy Sede legale: Viale Edoardo Jenner 4 - 20159 Milano - Italy Phone +39-02-695541 Fax +39-02-69554890 - vinavil@vinavil.it - P.IVA 11222570159

Vinavil - Wikipedia [ nascondi ] Libera la cultura. Dona il tuo 5×1000 a Wikimedia Italia . Scrivi 94039910156. Vinavil Da Wikipedia, l'enciclopedia libera. Vai alla navigazione Vai alla ricerca Vinavil Logo Stato Italia Forma societaria Società per azioni Fondazione 1994 a Villadossola Sede principale Milano Gruppo Mapei Settore chimica chimica industriale Prodotti adesivi, sigillanti Sito web www.vinavil.it Modifica dati su Wikidata · Manuale La Vinavil S.p.A. è un'azienda italiana operante nel settore dei collanti . Vinavil , oltre ad essere il marchio depositato del polivinilacetato (un collante conosciuto in tutto il mondo anche come colla bianca ), è l'acronimo di Vinilacetato Villadossola . Indice 1 Storia 1.1 Le origini 1.2 Il confluimento in Enimont 1.3 L'acquisto da parte di Mapei 2 Note 3 Voci correlate 4 Collegamenti esterni Storia [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] Le origini [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] Il prodotto nacque nel centro ossolano nello stabilimento della Società elettrochimica del Toce (poi Rhodiatoce ) nel secondo dopoguerra, dopo che era stata abbandonata la produzione di acetato di cellulosa ; il nome con cui veniva commercializzato era Vinavil Rhodiatoce . Seguì i destini della Montecatini (che controllava la Rhodiatoce) quando, nel 1966, nacque il gruppo Montedison . Nel 1972 la Rhodiatoce si fuse per incorporazione, insieme alla Polymer , nella Châtillon ; questa operazione portò alla nascita della Montefibre . Fu allora che venne utilizzato il marchio Vinavil per designare, tra le produzioni del gruppo Montedison, il settore dei collanti prodotti nello stabilimento di Villadossola e, successivamente, anche in quello di Ravenna . Il confluimento in Enimont [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] Nel 1988 la Montedison conferì le attività della controllata Vinavil alla neonata società Enimont , joint-venture tra Eni e Montedison. In seguito allo scandalo e al fallimento di quest'ultima nel 1991, le attività passarono interamente sotto il controllo dell' EniChem , che conferì il tutto alla controllata EniChem Synthesis . L'acquisto da parte di Mapei [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] EniChem Synthesis aveva deciso la dismissione degli stabilimenti ex Vinavil (Villadossola e Ravenna) quando, nel 1994, il marchio e le attività produttive vennero rilevati dal gruppo Mapei ; [1] assunse quindi la denominazione di Vinavil S.p.A. La sua sede principale è a Milano . Note [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] ^ Alberto Mazzuca, I numeri uno del made in Italy , Milano, Baldini Castoldi Dalai, 2005, p. 259. Voci correlate [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] Colla vinilica EniChem EniChem Synthesis Enimont Mapei Montecatini (azienda) Montedison Rhodiatoce Società Elettrochimica del Toce Collegamenti esterni [ modifica | modifica wikitesto ] Sito ufficiale , su vinavil.it . Portale Aziende Portale Chimica Estratto da " https://it.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Vinavil&oldid=138729756 " Categorie : Aziende fondate nel 1994 Aziende chimiche italiane Società partecipate da Montedison Aziende di Villadossola Gruppo Mapei [altre] Categorie nascoste: P154 assente su Wikidata P159 letta da Wikidata P749 letta da Wikidata P856 letta da Wikidata Menu di navigazione Strumenti personali Accesso non effettuato discussioni contributi registrati entra Namespace Voce Discussione italiano Visite Leggi Modifica Modifica wikitesto Cronologia Altro Ricerca Navigazione Pagina principale Ultime modifiche Una voce a caso Nelle vicinanze Vetrina Aiuto Sportello informazioni Comunità Portale Comunità Bar Il Wikipediano Fai una donazione Contatti Strumenti Puntano qui Modifiche correlate Carica su Commons Pagine speciali Link permanente Informazioni pagina Cita questa voce Ottieni URL breve Scarica codice QR Elemento Wikidata Stampa/esporta Crea un libro Scarica come PDF Versione stampabile Lingue Aggiungi collegamenti Questa pagina è stata modificata per l'ultima volta l'8 apr 2024 alle 16:51. Il testo è disponibile secondo la licenza Creative Commons Attribuzione-Condividi allo stesso modo ; possono applicarsi condizioni ulteriori. Vedi le condizioni d'uso per i dettagli. Informativa sulla privacy Informazioni su Wikipedia Avvertenze Codice di condotta Sviluppatori Statistiche Dichiarazione sui cookie Versione mobile

About us | Vinavil Powered by Cookiebot Consent Details [#IABV2SETTINGS#] About This website uses cookies On   this website cookies and other tracking tools that collect information from  your device are used. In addition to technical cookies, which are strictly  necessary for the operation of this website, aggregate analytics cookies are  used. Subject to your consent, analytics and statistics cookies,  functionality cookies and marketing and profiling cookies (including social  media cookies), which may also allow tracking of your activities across  multiple devices (cross-device), are also used. You can click on "Allow  all" to accept all the cookie categories or decide which cookies and  technologies to accept by clicking on "Customize". If you simply  close this banner, reject cookies, or continue browsing, only technical and  aggregated analytics cookies will be installed. For more details, please see  our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy sections on the website footer. Consent Selection Technical and aggregated analytics Functionality Analytics and statistics Marketing and profiling Show details Technical and aggregated analytics 6 Technical   cookies help us to make a website useful by enabling basic functions such as  page navigation, setting privacy preferences and accessing or filling in  forms. The website may not work correctly without technical cookies.  Moreover, aggregated analytics cookies enable us to count visits and traffic  sources so that we can measure and improve the performance of our website.  They also help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and to  see how visitors move around the site.   Aggregated analyses performed on visits never present information from  which your identity can be traced. Cookiebot 2 Learn more about this provider 1.gif Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Google 4 Learn more about this provider test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _gat Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _gid Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Functionality 0 These   cookies enable the website to provide advanced functionalities and  customizations that allow the navigation based on several elements (e.g.,  language, selected for purchase products) in order to improve the service. If  these cookies are not active some or all the services of the website may not  work correctly. These cookies may be set by us or by third parties whose  services have been integrated into our website’s pages. We do not use cookies of this type. Analytics and statistics 13 Analytics   and statistics cookies collect information about the users who visit our  website and their web browsing. For example, they collect data that helps us  to identify users accessing our website, allow us to see which pages are the  most often visited, whether users receive error messages, and how users  arrived at our website. These cookies are used to measure and improve the  performance of our website and are sometimes sent by third parties who  provide web traffic and analytics services. Your consent is required for the  use of such cookies. Google 3 Learn more about this provider collect Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Hotjar 3 Learn more about this provider _hjSession_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _hjSessionUser_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _hjTLDTest Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Tiktok 1 Learn more about this provider _tt_enable_cookie Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP cdnmedia.vinavil.com 3 FPAU Assigns a specific ID to the visitor. This allows the website to determine the number of specific user-visits for analysis and statistics. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP FPID Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP FPLC Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP sgtm.mapei.com 1 gtmBrowserId This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has visited the website before, or if it is a new visitor on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML www.vinavil.com 2 sf-prs-lu Detects and stores which landing page was presented to the user. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP sf-prs-ss Sets a timestamp for when the visitor entered the website. This is used for analytical purposes on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Marketing and profiling 31 Marketing   and profiling cookies are used for remarketing activities (i.e., to conduct  advertising activities towards users who have visited the website), for  tracking the user's web browsing and for creating profiles on the user’s  preferences, habits, choices, etc. These cookies, if are third parties’  cookies, may also show you relevant contents and advertisements on other  websites.  These cookies also include  social media cookies, that are used for enabling you to share our contents on  social media. If a user interacts with plug-ins, e.g., by clicking the  Facebook "Like" button or posting a comment while logged into  his/her social media account (e.g., Facebook, Pinterest, Twitter, YouTube,  Instagram), the user links the website content to his/her social media  profile. In such a way, the social media can associate a user's visit or the  detected interests with the user's social media account. For more information  on the data transmission, please refer to the privacy policy of the social  media outlet of interest. Disabling these cookies may result in content not  being shared on social media. Meta Platforms, Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP Google 6 Learn more about this provider IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP pagead/landing [x2] Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel ads/ga-audiences Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP Tiktok 5 Learn more about this provider tt_appInfo Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : Session Type : HTML tt_pixel_session_index Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : Session Type : HTML tt_sessionId Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : Session Type : HTML _ttp [x2] Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP YouTube 17 Learn more about this provider #-# Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTML iU5q-!O9@$ Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTML LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP nextId Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP requests Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Unclassified 3 Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. sgtm.mapei.com 2 cookie_consent_marketing Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML cookie_consent_statistics Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML www.vinavil.com 1 portalNavigation Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Cross-domain consent [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] [#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#] List of domains your consent applies to: [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#] Cookie declaration last updated on 4/23/24 by Cookiebot [#IABV2_TITLE#] [#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] Cookies   are small text files that are stored on the user's device. Cookies are very  common and are used on many websites. This is because cookies allow website  operators to do useful things. For example, a cookie allows a website  operator to know whether a device (and probably its user) has visited the  website before. In general, cookies are used to improve a website’s operation  and the user’s experience when using it, although cookies may also enable the  receipt of marketing communications.      On this website, with the user's consent, also technologies that allow  "cross-device" tracking, i.e., allowing to analyze the user’s  activities performed through different devices (e.g., computers and  smartphones), may be used. Do not sell or share my personal information Deny Allow selection Customize Allow all Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics Newsletter Archive Contact us Work with us eng Select language English italiano Search eng Select language English italiano Select language italiano English About us Global locations Sales network Quality and R&D Company history Financial reports Products Dispersions PVA Homopolymers VAE Copolymers Veova Copolymers Acryilic Polymers Vinylics with DBM Polymers Solids Solid Polymers Applications Paints and Coatings Adhesives Textiles Food Building Environment ISCC PLUS Labeling packaging in Italy Download News & Events Newsletter Archive Contact us Work with us VINAVIL: an industry-leading company VINAVIL was founded in 1994 when the MAPEI Group acquired the Vinylacetate Polymers production division of EniChem Synthesis. The company’s background is based on the long-standing Italian tradition of leading-edge chemical development. VINAVIL: an industry-leading company VINAVIL was founded in 1994 when the MAPEI Group acquired the Vinylacetate Polymers production division of EniChem Synthesis. The company’s background is based on the long-standing Italian tradition of leading-edge chemical development. Leading company in the Italian chemical industry Since 1994 VINAVIL has been progressively investing in all their manufacturing plants , with particular focus on the environment and on the health and safety of their employees. R&D is the company’s jewel in the crown with 3 research facilities coordinated by the center of excellence in Villadossola (VB - Italy). Download the history Products and solutions for the global market Following the continuous, ongoing industrial investment program to upgrade and redevelop all Vinavil’s manufacturing plants around the world, the total production capacity of polymers now stands at around 450,000MT/year . The current product portfolio puts the company in a position to supply a vast range of market sectors, such as adhesives , adhesives for papergoods , wood , textiles , construction , and specialty applications ; paints and coatings industry, such as architectural paints , wood coatings , industrial maintenance , and direct-to-metal coating and the elastomeric and waterproofing markets, as well as the food industry , such as chewing gum and cheese coatings . VINAVIL is also a large supplier to our parent company, MAPEI Group, for their specialty polymer needs. VINAVIL is everywhere VINAVIL is a familiar name in Italian daily life . Since the 1950’s Vinavil’s most well-known product has been the legendary Vinavil universal adhesive made from polyvinyl acetate contained in the classic red and white bottle . VINAVIL also offers solutions for more specialized applications, such as solid polymers for the chewing-gum industry or binders for a host of cosmetic products (blusher, mascara, shampoo and hairspray) which have the acronym PVA (polyvinyl acetate) on their label. Not many people know this, but a Vinavil polymer film is used in the coating on cheese with a hard wax. We can find the VINAVIL brand in numerous objects that are around us every day, such as furniture , textiles , cardboard boxes , books , newspapers , packaging , pressure-sensitive adhesives , wooden frames , abrasive cleaning sponges , varnishes for wood and metal , paints used to decorate the walls and structures of our homes . In addition to that, Vinavil polymers are used as a component in numerous chemical products for the building industry . VINAVIL product lines The world of VINAVIL includes a large variety of products. VINAVIL offers a complete range of polyvinyl acetate, vinyl veova and vinyl acetate etylene copolymer emulsions , vinyl acrylic , styrene acrylic , pure acrylics and nanotechnology-based products for various industries. VINAVIL’s portfolio of products are in constant evolution, and always with the capacity to meet the most demanding requirements of the market. These lines include: binders for water-based paints , dispersions for adhesives , redispersible powders for the building industry, solid polymers for the chewing-gum industry , pearls for specialist applications , vinyl adhesives for the do-it-yourself sector , acrylic copolymers for a wide variety of applications and tailor-made polymers are just a few examples of these product lines. Production, engineering and sales Starting in 1994, VINAVIL managed to triple production levels in just a few years with only a marginal increase in the production workforce. A commitment to the field of engineering has been a constant and characteristic feature of VINAVIL’s approach to business. The most advanced production technologies have been adopted by the company: this strategy has encouraged the consistent growth and improvement of our global manufacturing plants . Research & Development Research work is at the very heart of the company and provides our customers with the leading-edge technology to help them grow their business. VINAVIL spends 5% of our sales revenue on and 10% of our employees work in Research and Development . Our R&D Center of Excellence is located in Villadossola , which also coordinates all the work carried out in the research laboratories in Milan and Laval (Canada). The best-in-class research equipment used in the VINAVIL laboratories puts our company in a position to continually innovate and constantly improve . Health and safety , protecting the environment and certified quality The health and safety of the workforce protecting the environment and the quality of products and services are essential values that form the foundations for VINAVIL ’s development strategy . Safeguarding the health and safety of those who work in and around our manufacturing plants, preventing and reducing the impact of our production processes and products on the environment and ensuring the quality of the products and services that VINAVIL supplies are important priorities. That means guaranteeing the highest level of commitment and responsibility towards our clients , local communities, local authorities, our employees and all those stakeholders affected by our operations. VINAVIL adopts the most advanced technology available to comply with all local and state legislation. VINAVIL Always Growing Continuing this history, VINAVIL has become, not only a market leader in Italy , but also an important player in the international polymer emulsions and solid polymers markets, with manufacturing plants in Italy , as well as in Egypt , the U.S. and Canada . VINAVIL has also established a worldwide sales network over five continents . We have industry-leading , best-in-class facilities, with three research facilities coordinated by the center of excellence located in Villadossola , Italy. VINAVIL heading towards the future VINAVIL is constantly strengthening its position as market leader on the local market and is undergoing considerable expansion on overseas markets. There is also a long-standing, ongoing collaboration with Gruppo Mapei on the global market. VINAVIL’s strategy for the next 5-10 years is heavily biased towards strengthening and optimising their focus on Customer Intimacy, to expand even more onto the overseas markets where their manufacturing plants are located and to develop alternative technologies and products for niche markets. VINAVIL’s main asset is their growth capacity . Even heavier investments and more intense focus will be dedicated in order to achieve these objectives, using financial resources , research , design , construction , management and marketing capacity , the true heritage of the company . The future is within VINAVIL, the future is within us all. Registered trademarks VINAVIL® Vinyl dispersions and solid polymers for paints, adhesives and textiles. Powder redispersible polymers for the construction industry. VINAVIL EVA® Vinylacetate-ethylene dispersions for paints, adhesives and textiles. RAVEMUL® Vinyl dispersions for paints, adhesives and textiles. RAVIFLEX® Solid polymers for the food industry. CRILAT® Acrylic and acrylic-styrene dispersions for the building industry, adhesives and textiles. VINAFLEX® Solid vinylacetate/crotonic acid-based homopolymers and copolymers for the LPA (Low Profile Additives) industry. VINAVIL in Italy Apart from being a key player in the industrial field, the VINAVIL brand has also been well-known by families for decades thanks to Vinavil universal adhesive, the first and most famous “white glue”. The VINAVIL production in Italy is based in the 2 plants of Villadossola (Verbania) and Ravenna, strategically located to offer fast delivery service to both Northern Europe and the Mediterranean area. ALL OFFICES IN THE WORLD WHISTLEBLOWING CODE OF ETHICS Decree 231: corporate governance DIISOCYANATES Change company | VINAVIL S.p.A. | VINAVIL Americas | VINAVIL Egypt | Cookies Preferences | Cookie policy | Privacy policy | Copyright © 2024 VINAVIL S.p.A. All rights reserved Vinavil S.p.A. Via Valtellina, 63 20159- Milano Italy Sede legale: Viale Edoardo Jenner 4 - 20159 Milano - Italy Phone +39-02-695541 Fax +39-02-69554890 - vinavil@vinavil.it - P.IVA 11222570159

Vinavil - A leader in polymers for industry Powered by Cookiebot Consent Details [#IABV2SETTINGS#] About This website uses cookies On   this website cookies and other tracking tools that collect information from  your device are used. In addition to technical cookies, which are strictly  necessary for the operation of this website, aggregate analytics cookies are  used. Subject to your consent, analytics and statistics cookies,  functionality cookies and marketing and profiling cookies (including social  media cookies), which may also allow tracking of your activities across  multiple devices (cross-device), are also used. You can click on "Allow  all" to accept all the cookie categories or decide which cookies and  technologies to accept by clicking on "Customize". If you simply  close this banner, reject cookies, or continue browsing, only technical and  aggregated analytics cookies will be installed. For more details, please see  our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy sections on the website footer. Consent Selection Technical and aggregated analytics Functionality Analytics and statistics Marketing and profiling Show details Technical and aggregated analytics 6 Technical   cookies help us to make a website useful by enabling basic functions such as  page navigation, setting privacy preferences and accessing or filling in  forms. The website may not work correctly without technical cookies.  Moreover, aggregated analytics cookies enable us to count visits and traffic  sources so that we can measure and improve the performance of our website.  They also help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and to  see how visitors move around the site.   Aggregated analyses performed on visits never present information from  which your identity can be traced. Cookiebot 2 Learn more about this provider 1.gif Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Google 4 Learn more about this provider test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _gat Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _gid Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Functionality 0 These   cookies enable the website to provide advanced functionalities and  customizations that allow the navigation based on several elements (e.g.,  language, selected for purchase products) in order to improve the service. If  these cookies are not active some or all the services of the website may not  work correctly. These cookies may be set by us or by third parties whose  services have been integrated into our website’s pages. We do not use cookies of this type. Analytics and statistics 13 Analytics   and statistics cookies collect information about the users who visit our  website and their web browsing. For example, they collect data that helps us  to identify users accessing our website, allow us to see which pages are the  most often visited, whether users receive error messages, and how users  arrived at our website. These cookies are used to measure and improve the  performance of our website and are sometimes sent by third parties who  provide web traffic and analytics services. Your consent is required for the  use of such cookies. Google 3 Learn more about this provider collect Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Hotjar 3 Learn more about this provider _hjSession_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _hjSessionUser_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _hjTLDTest Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Tiktok 1 Learn more about this provider _tt_enable_cookie Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP cdnmedia.vinavil.com 3 FPAU Assigns a specific ID to the visitor. This allows the website to determine the number of specific user-visits for analysis and statistics. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP FPID Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP FPLC Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP sgtm.mapei.com 1 gtmBrowserId This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has visited the website before, or if it is a new visitor on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML www.vinavil.com 2 sf-prs-lu Detects and stores which landing page was presented to the user. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP sf-prs-ss Sets a timestamp for when the visitor entered the website. This is used for analytical purposes on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Marketing and profiling 31 Marketing   and profiling cookies are used for remarketing activities (i.e., to conduct  advertising activities towards users who have visited the website), for  tracking the user's web browsing and for creating profiles on the user’s  preferences, habits, choices, etc. These cookies, if are third parties’  cookies, may also show you relevant contents and advertisements on other  websites.  These cookies also include  social media cookies, that are used for enabling you to share our contents on  social media. If a user interacts with plug-ins, e.g., by clicking the  Facebook "Like" button or posting a comment while logged into  his/her social media account (e.g., Facebook, Pinterest, Twitter, YouTube,  Instagram), the user links the website content to his/her social media  profile. In such a way, the social media can associate a user's visit or the  detected interests with the user's social media account. For more information  on the data transmission, please refer to the privacy policy of the social  media outlet of interest. Disabling these cookies may result in content not  being shared on social media. Meta Platforms, Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP Google 6 Learn more about this provider IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP pagead/landing [x2] Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel ads/ga-audiences Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP Tiktok 5 Learn more about this provider tt_appInfo Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : Session Type : HTML tt_pixel_session_index Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : Session Type : HTML tt_sessionId Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : Session Type : HTML _ttp [x2] Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP YouTube 17 Learn more about this provider #-# Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTML iU5q-!O9@$ Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTML LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP nextId Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP requests Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Unclassified 3 Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. sgtm.mapei.com 2 cookie_consent_marketing Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML cookie_consent_statistics Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML www.vinavil.com 1 portalNavigation Pending Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP Cross-domain consent [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] [#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#] List of domains your consent applies to: [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#] Cookie declaration last updated on 4/23/24 by Cookiebot [#IABV2_TITLE#] [#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] Cookies   are small text files that are stored on the user's device. Cookies are very  common and are used on many websites. This is because cookies allow website  operators to do useful things. For example, a cookie allows a website  operator to know whether a device (and probably its user) has visited the  website before. In general, cookies are used to improve a website’s operation  and the user’s experience when using it, although cookies may also enable the  receipt of marketing communications.      On this website, with the user's consent, also technologies that allow  "cross-device" tracking, i.e., allowing to analyze the user’s  activities performed through different devices (e.g., computers and  smartphones), may be used. Do not sell or share my personal information Deny Allow selection Customize Allow all Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics A leader in polymers for industry A leader in polymers for industry EUROPE WEBSITE Vinavil S.p.A. Via Valtellina, 63 20159 Milano - Italia Tel. +39 02 69554.1 Fax +39 02 69554890 AMERICA WEBSITE VINAVIL Americas Inc. 2900 Francis-Hughes Laval, QC, Canada H7L 3J5 Phone: 450-662-6278 Toll-Free: 888-831-5457 Fax: 450-662-0444 VINAVIL Americas Corp. 530 Industrial Drive West Chicago, IL 60185 USA Phone: 630-293-5800 Fax: 630-293-5079 VINAVIL Americas Corp. 1144 East Newport Center Drive Deerfield Beach, Florida 33442 Phone: 954-246-8888 Fax: 954-246-8800 AFRICA WEBSITE Vinavil Egypt Building no. 15, Road 90th, 5th settlement, New Cairo, Egypt Phone: + 20 2 25370000/1/2/3 Fax: +20 2 25370004 ASIA WEBSITE VINAVIL in Far East Phone: +65 96317303 Copyright © 2024 Vinavil S.p.A. All rights reserved - P.IVA 11222570159 | Cookie policy | Cookie preferencies | Privacy policy

